pin 53 Correct curve
rawSize 1 
pin 53 Sharpen complete
pin 10 Correct curve
pin 53 Correct curve
pin 10 Sharpen complete
pin 50 Correct curve
pin 22 Correct curve
pin 48 Correct curve
901 OK
pin 32 Correct curve
pin 99 Correct curve
pin 53 Sharpen complete
pin 48 Correct curve
pin 63 Correct curve
pin 5 Correct curve
170 OK
pin 68 Incorrect curve
pin 68 Incorrect curve
pin 50 Sharpen complete
pin 11 Correct curve
pin 52 Correct curve
pin 80 Correct curve
901 OK
pin 19 Correct curve
pin 47 Correct curve
pin 22 Sharpen complete
pin 52 Correct curve
pin 28 Correct curve
850 OK
pin 45 Correct curve
pin 74 Correct curve
pin 48 Sharpen complete
pin 50 Correct curve
pin 95 Correct curve
pin 92 Correct curve
374 OK
pin 80 Correct curve
pin 10 Correct curve
pin 32 Sharpen complete
pin 81 Correct curve
pin 90 Correct curve
pin 23 Correct curve
816 OK
pin 70 Correct curve
pin 43 Correct curve
pin 99 Sharpen complete
pin 34 Incorrect curve
pin 24 Correct curve
544 OK
pin 94 Correct curve
pin 56 Correct curve
pin 48 Sharpen complete
pin 72 Correct curve
pin 27 Correct curve
pin 56 Correct curve
1683 OK
pin 20 Correct curve
pin 90 Correct curve
pin 63 Sharpen complete
pin 61 Correct curve
pin 89 Correct curve
pin 58 Correct curve
816 OK
pin 73 Correct curve
pin 41 Correct curve
pin 5 Sharpen complete
pin 38 Correct curve
pin 92 Correct curve
pin 89 Correct curve
1071 OK
pin 90 Correct curve
pin 11 Sharpen complete
pin 21 Correct curve
pin 34 Incorrect curve
pin 65 Correct curve
85 OK
pin 72 Correct curve
pin 30 Correct curve
pin 52 Sharpen complete
pin 58 Correct curve
pin 52 Correct curve
pin 41 Correct curve
187 OK
pin 39 Correct curve
pin 43 Correct curve
pin 80 Sharpen complete
pin 64 Correct curve
pin 9 Correct curve
pin 87 Correct curve
572 Incorrect sharpen
pin 99 Correct curve
pin 33 Correct curve
pin 19 Sharpen complete
pin 81 Correct curve
pin 55 Correct curve
pin 6 Correct curve
1360 OK
pin 8 Correct curve
pin 11 Correct curve
pin 47 Sharpen complete
pin 27 Correct curve
pin 99 Correct curve
pin 73 Correct curve
323 OK
pin 16 Correct curve
pin 52 Sharpen complete
pin 57 Correct curve
pin 46 Correct curve
pin 58 Correct curve
799 OK
pin 96 Correct curve
pin 39 Correct curve
pin 28 Sharpen complete
pin 47 Correct curve
pin 87 Correct curve
pin 60 Correct curve
572 Incorrect sharpen
pin 82 Correct curve
pin 53 Correct curve
pin 45 Sharpen complete
pin 33 Correct curve
pin 12 Correct curve
pin 11 Correct curve
476 OK
pin 85 Incorrect curve
pin 53 Correct curve
pin 74 Sharpen complete
pin 50 Correct curve
pin 29 Correct curve
pin 18 Correct curve
765 OK
pin 60 Correct curve
pin 50 Sharpen complete
pin 16 Correct curve
pin 17 Incorrect curve
pin 94 Correct curve
1258 OK
pin 98 Correct curve
pin 73 Correct curve
pin 95 Sharpen complete
pin 0 Incorrect curve
pin 7 Correct curve
pin 85 Incorrect curve
850 OK
pin 27 Correct curve
pin 6 Correct curve
pin 92 Sharpen complete
pin 59 Correct curve
pin 44 Correct curve
pin 64 Correct curve
1615 OK
pin 6 Correct curve
pin 2 Correct curve
pin 80 Sharpen complete
pin 60 Correct curve
pin 45 Correct curve
1564 OK
pin 50 Correct curve
pin 48 Correct curve
pin 10 Sharpen complete
pin 6 Correct curve
pin 32 Correct curve
pin 1 Correct curve
1360 OK
pin 39 Correct curve
pin 45 Correct curve
pin 81 Sharpen complete
pin 12 Correct curve
pin 24 Correct curve
170 OK
pin 99 Correct curve
pin 63 Correct curve
pin 90 Sharpen complete
pin 54 Correct curve
pin 17 Incorrect curve
pin 23 Correct curve
891 Incorrect sharpen
pin 71 Correct curve
pin 35 Correct curve
pin 23 Sharpen complete
pin 18 Correct curve
pin 69 Correct curve
pin 9 Correct curve
1530 OK
pin 18 Correct curve
pin 76 Correct curve
pin 70 Sharpen complete
pin 94 Correct curve
pin 45 Correct curve
391 OK
pin 82 Correct curve
pin 53 Correct curve
pin 43 Sharpen complete
pin 89 Correct curve
pin 46 Correct curve
pin 59 Correct curve
1190 OK
pin 92 Correct curve
pin 7 Correct curve
pin 24 Sharpen complete
pin 5 Correct curve
pin 42 Correct curve
pin 55 Correct curve
731 OK
pin 11 Correct curve
pin 74 Correct curve
pin 94 Sharpen complete
pin 57 Correct curve
pin 50 Correct curve
408 OK
pin 19 Correct curve
pin 70 Correct curve
pin 56 Sharpen complete
pin 75 Correct curve
pin 18 Correct curve
pin 33 Correct curve
1598 OK
pin 29 Correct curve
pin 36 Correct curve
pin 72 Sharpen complete
pin 57 Correct curve
pin 0 Incorrect curve
pin 72 Correct curve
952 OK
pin 75 Correct curve
pin 70 Correct curve
pin 27 Sharpen complete
pin 81 Correct curve
pin 94 Correct curve
1224 OK
pin 46 Correct curve
pin 75 Correct curve
pin 56 Sharpen complete
pin 40 Correct curve
pin 29 Correct curve
pin 29 Correct curve
459 OK
pin 30 Correct curve
pin 75 Correct curve
pin 20 Sharpen complete
pin 88 Correct curve
pin 22 Correct curve
pin 83 Correct curve
952 OK
pin 93 Correct curve
pin 65 Correct curve
pin 90 Sharpen complete
pin 38 Correct curve
pin 5 Correct curve
pin 39 Correct curve
340 OK
pin 96 Correct curve
pin 56 Correct curve
pin 61 Sharpen complete
pin 59 Correct curve
pin 66 Correct curve
pin 31 Correct curve
1530 OK
pin 78 Correct curve
pin 89 Sharpen complete
pin 0 Incorrect curve
pin 61 Correct curve
pin 15 Correct curve
1037 OK
pin 57 Correct curve
pin 62 Correct curve
pin 58 Sharpen complete
pin 87 Correct curve
pin 33 Correct curve
pin 33 Correct curve
1513 OK
pin 68 Incorrect curve
pin 28 Correct curve
pin 73 Sharpen complete
pin 79 Correct curve
pin 44 Correct curve
pin 68 Incorrect curve
986 OK
pin 9 Correct curve
pin 73 Correct curve
pin 41 Sharpen complete
pin 98 Correct curve
pin 85 Incorrect curve
pin 62 Correct curve
1241 OK
pin 21 Correct curve
pin 68 Incorrect curve
pin 38 Sharpen complete
pin 56 Correct curve
pin 86 Correct curve
697 OK
pin 7 Correct curve
pin 62 Correct curve
pin 92 Sharpen complete
pin 26 Correct curve
pin 3 Correct curve
pin 18 Correct curve
646 OK
pin 86 Correct curve
pin 69 Correct curve
pin 89 Sharpen complete
pin 49 Correct curve
pin 65 Correct curve
pin 69 Correct curve
1564 OK
pin 11 Correct curve
pin 80 Correct curve
pin 90 Sharpen complete
pin 27 Correct curve
pin 74 Correct curve
pin 68 Incorrect curve
1513 OK
pin 61 Correct curve
pin 7 Correct curve
pin 21 Sharpen complete
pin 37 Correct curve
pin 89 Correct curve
pin 87 Correct curve
1530 OK
pin 81 Correct curve
pin 58 Correct curve
pin 65 Sharpen complete
pin 96 Correct curve
pin 55 Correct curve
357 OK
pin 57 Correct curve
pin 81 Correct curve
pin 72 Sharpen complete
pin 18 Correct curve
pin 78 Correct curve
pin 49 Correct curve
1105 OK
pin 74 Correct curve
pin 65 Correct curve
pin 30 Sharpen complete
pin 56 Correct curve
pin 36 Correct curve
pin 92 Correct curve
792 Incorrect sharpen
pin 60 Correct curve
pin 54 Correct curve
pin 58 Sharpen complete
pin 78 Correct curve
pin 29 Correct curve
510 OK
pin 4 Correct curve
pin 43 Correct curve
pin 52 Sharpen complete
pin 99 Correct curve
pin 16 Correct curve
pin 24 Correct curve
986 OK
pin 27 Correct curve
pin 90 Correct curve
pin 41 Sharpen complete
pin 93 Correct curve
pin 88 Correct curve
pin 98 Correct curve
884 OK
pin 30 Correct curve
pin 78 Correct curve
pin 39 Sharpen complete
pin 85 Incorrect curve
pin 11 Correct curve
451 Incorrect sharpen
pin 37 Correct curve
pin 82 Correct curve
pin 43 Sharpen complete
pin 67 Correct curve
pin 94 Correct curve
pin 63 Correct curve
663 OK
pin 85 Incorrect curve
pin 73 Correct curve
pin 64 Sharpen complete
pin 13 Correct curve
pin 60 Correct curve
pin 38 Correct curve
731 OK
pin 70 Correct curve
pin 9 Sharpen complete
pin 96 Correct curve
pin 31 Correct curve
pin 30 Correct curve
1088 OK
pin 51 Incorrect curve
pin 9 Correct curve
pin 87 Sharpen complete
pin 60 Correct curve
pin 56 Correct curve
pin 53 Correct curve
99 Incorrect sharpen
pin 60 Correct curve
pin 72 Correct curve
pin 99 Sharpen complete
pin 78 Correct curve
pin 87 Correct curve
1479 OK
pin 63 Correct curve
pin 71 Correct curve
pin 33 Sharpen complete
pin 76 Correct curve
pin 62 Correct curve
pin 1 Correct curve
1683 OK
pin 55 Correct curve
pin 48 Correct curve
pin 81 Sharpen complete
pin 13 Correct curve
pin 92 Correct curve
pin 30 Correct curve
561 OK
pin 81 Correct curve
pin 87 Correct curve
pin 55 Sharpen complete
pin 94 Correct curve
pin 66 Correct curve
1377 OK
pin 60 Correct curve
pin 7 Correct curve
pin 6 Sharpen complete
pin 26 Correct curve
pin 99 Correct curve
pin 78 Correct curve
935 OK
pin 23 Correct curve
pin 30 Correct curve
pin 8 Sharpen complete
pin 9 Correct curve
pin 75 Correct curve
pin 40 Correct curve
102 OK
pin 70 Correct curve
pin 31 Correct curve
pin 11 Sharpen complete
pin 94 Correct curve
pin 30 Correct curve
136 OK
pin 4 Correct curve
pin 72 Correct curve
pin 27 Sharpen complete
pin 18 Correct curve
pin 68 Incorrect curve
pin 44 Correct curve
187 OK
pin 94 Correct curve
pin 30 Correct curve
pin 99 Sharpen complete
pin 46 Correct curve
pin 50 Correct curve
pin 78 Correct curve
459 OK
pin 60 Correct curve
pin 42 Correct curve
pin 73 Sharpen complete
pin 8 Correct curve
pin 41 Correct curve
pin 30 Correct curve
1683 OK
pin 2 Correct curve
pin 8 Correct curve
pin 16 Sharpen complete
pin 91 Correct curve
pin 10 Correct curve
pin 35 Correct curve
1241 OK
pin 90 Correct curve
pin 57 Sharpen complete
pin 89 Correct curve
pin 59 Correct curve
pin 21 Correct curve
272 OK
pin 99 Correct curve
pin 34 Incorrect curve
pin 46 Sharpen complete
pin 62 Correct curve
pin 69 Correct curve
pin 65 Correct curve
969 OK
pin 56 Correct curve
pin 99 Correct curve
pin 58 Sharpen complete
pin 69 Correct curve
pin 29 Correct curve
pin 17 Incorrect curve
782 OK
pin 37 Correct curve
pin 74 Correct curve
pin 96 Sharpen complete
pin 12 Correct curve
pin 68 Incorrect curve
pin 20 Correct curve
986 OK
pin 62 Correct curve
pin 46 Correct curve
pin 39 Sharpen complete
pin 81 Correct curve
pin 5 Correct curve
1632 OK
pin 55 Correct curve
pin 23 Correct curve
pin 47 Sharpen complete
pin 35 Correct curve
pin 58 Correct curve
pin 31 Correct curve
663 OK
pin 26 Correct curve
pin 68 Incorrect curve
pin 87 Sharpen complete
pin 67 Correct curve
pin 17 Incorrect curve
pin 58 Correct curve
799 OK
pin 26 Correct curve
pin 39 Correct curve
pin 60 Sharpen complete
pin 57 Correct curve
pin 60 Correct curve
pin 2 Correct curve
1479 OK
pin 26 Correct curve
pin 26 Correct curve
pin 82 Sharpen complete
pin 59 Correct curve
pin 26 Correct curve
1020 OK
pin 96 Correct curve
pin 88 Correct curve
pin 53 Sharpen complete
pin 44 Correct curve
pin 34 Incorrect curve
pin 63 Correct curve
1394 OK
pin 56 Correct curve
pin 2 Correct curve
pin 33 Sharpen complete
pin 84 Correct curve
pin 19 Correct curve
pin 48 Correct curve
583 Incorrect sharpen
pin 65 Correct curve
pin 24 Correct curve
pin 12 Sharpen complete
pin 4 Correct curve
pin 89 Correct curve
pin 60 Correct curve
561 OK
pin 62 Correct curve
pin 21 Correct curve
pin 11 Sharpen complete
pin 86 Correct curve
pin 31 Correct curve
204 OK
pin 88 Correct curve
pin 4 Correct curve
pin 53 Sharpen complete
pin 89 Correct curve
pin 15 Correct curve
pin 43 Correct curve
187 OK
pin 47 Correct curve
pin 75 Correct curve
pin 50 Sharpen complete
pin 45 Correct curve
pin 73 Correct curve
pin 2 Correct curve
901 OK
pin 4 Correct curve
pin 0 Incorrect curve
pin 29 Sharpen complete
pin 98 Correct curve
pin 93 Correct curve
pin 44 Correct curve
850 OK
pin 32 Correct curve
pin 57 Correct curve
pin 18 Sharpen complete
pin 1 Correct curve
pin 35 Correct curve
pin 41 Correct curve
493 OK
pin 20 Correct curve
pin 84 Correct curve
pin 60 Sharpen complete
pin 7 Correct curve
pin 45 Correct curve
306 OK
pin 88 Correct curve
pin 96 Correct curve
pin 16 Sharpen complete
pin 5 Correct curve
pin 50 Correct curve
pin 18 Correct curve
1020 OK
pin 91 Correct curve
pin 81 Correct curve
pin 94 Sharpen complete
pin 6 Correct curve
pin 96 Correct curve
pin 71 Correct curve
272 OK
pin 22 Correct curve
pin 39 Correct curve
pin 98 Sharpen complete
pin 18 Correct curve
pin 98 Correct curve
pin 85 Incorrect curve
1598 OK
pin 92 Correct curve
pin 0 Incorrect curve
pin 73 Sharpen complete
pin 90 Correct curve
pin 92 Correct curve
pin 99 Correct curve
1666 OK
pin 84 Correct curve
pin 36 Correct curve
pin 7 Sharpen complete
pin 31 Correct curve
pin 41 Correct curve
803 Incorrect sharpen
pin 38 Correct curve
pin 66 Correct curve
pin 27 Sharpen complete
pin 83 Correct curve
pin 58 Correct curve
pin 51 Incorrect curve
119 OK
pin 90 Correct curve
pin 4 Correct curve
pin 6 Sharpen complete
pin 39 Correct curve
pin 87 Correct curve
pin 9 Correct curve
459 OK
pin 89 Correct curve
pin 5 Correct curve
pin 59 Sharpen complete
pin 1 Correct curve
pin 71 Correct curve
pin 12 Correct curve
102 OK
pin 97 Correct curve
pin 42 Correct curve
pin 44 Sharpen complete
pin 35 Correct curve
pin 36 Correct curve
pin 60 Correct curve
1003 OK
pin 33 Correct curve
pin 22 Correct curve
pin 64 Sharpen complete
pin 52 Correct curve
pin 33 Correct curve
748 OK
pin 12 Correct curve
pin 45 Correct curve
pin 6 Sharpen complete
pin 32 Correct curve
pin 96 Correct curve
pin 82 Correct curve
1088 OK
pin 64 Correct curve
pin 38 Correct curve
pin 2 Sharpen complete
pin 20 Correct curve
pin 31 Correct curve
pin 21 Correct curve
102 OK
pin 79 Correct curve
pin 82 Correct curve
pin 60 Sharpen complete
pin 12 Correct curve
pin 83 Correct curve
34 OK
pin 21 Correct curve
pin 99 Correct curve
pin 45 Sharpen complete
pin 92 Correct curve
pin 11 Correct curve
pin 5 Correct curve
1020 OK
pin 93 Correct curve
pin 82 Correct curve
pin 50 Sharpen complete
pin 18 Correct curve
pin 91 Correct curve
pin 25 Correct curve
495 Incorrect sharpen
pin 53 Correct curve
pin 27 Correct curve
pin 48 Sharpen complete
pin 86 Correct curve
pin 86 Correct curve
pin 50 Correct curve
850 OK
pin 39 Correct curve
pin 20 Correct curve
pin 6 Sharpen complete
pin 62 Correct curve
pin 84 Correct curve
816 OK
pin 53 Correct curve
pin 59 Correct curve
pin 32 Sharpen complete
pin 66 Correct curve
pin 17 Incorrect curve
pin 97 Correct curve
102 OK
pin 87 Correct curve
pin 49 Correct curve
pin 1 Sharpen complete
pin 19 Correct curve
pin 66 Correct curve
pin 31 Correct curve
544 OK
pin 31 Correct curve
pin 50 Correct curve
pin 39 Sharpen complete
pin 53 Correct curve
pin 30 Correct curve
pin 43 Correct curve
17 OK
pin 64 Correct curve
pin 36 Correct curve
pin 45 Sharpen complete
pin 37 Correct curve
pin 47 Correct curve
663 OK
pin 55 Correct curve
pin 28 Correct curve
pin 12 Sharpen complete
pin 73 Correct curve
pin 8 Correct curve
pin 56 Correct curve
765 OK
pin 59 Correct curve
pin 95 Correct curve
pin 24 Sharpen complete
pin 6 Correct curve
pin 98 Correct curve
pin 15 Correct curve
204 OK
pin 69 Correct curve
pin 83 Correct curve
pin 99 Sharpen complete
pin 69 Correct curve
pin 28 Correct curve
pin 49 Correct curve
408 OK
pin 86 Correct curve
pin 26 Correct curve
pin 63 Sharpen complete
pin 37 Correct curve
pin 35 Correct curve
pin 45 Correct curve
1683 OK
pin 4 Correct curve
pin 67 Correct curve
pin 54 Sharpen complete
pin 76 Correct curve
pin 55 Correct curve
1071 OK
pin 20 Correct curve
pin 7 Correct curve
pin 23 Sharpen complete
pin 98 Correct curve
pin 85 Incorrect curve
pin 44 Correct curve
594 Incorrect sharpen
pin 36 Correct curve
pin 33 Correct curve
pin 71 Sharpen complete
pin 99 Correct curve
pin 64 Correct curve
pin 6 Correct curve
391 OK
pin 8 Correct curve
pin 20 Correct curve
pin 35 Sharpen complete
pin 66 Correct curve
pin 3 Correct curve
1207 OK
pin 27 Correct curve
pin 64 Correct curve
pin 18 Sharpen complete
pin 19 Correct curve
pin 96 Correct curve
pin 48 Correct curve
595 OK
pin 88 Correct curve
pin 25 Correct curve
pin 69 Sharpen complete
pin 98 Correct curve
pin 75 Correct curve
pin 52 Correct curve
306 OK
pin 35 Correct curve
pin 10 Correct curve
pin 9 Sharpen complete
pin 97 Correct curve
pin 39 Correct curve
1173 OK
pin 78 Correct curve
pin 74 Correct curve
pin 94 Correct curve
pin 18 Sharpen complete
pin 98 Correct curve
pin 82 Correct curve
153 OK
pin 93 Correct curve
pin 84 Correct curve
pin 76 Sharpen complete
pin 27 Correct curve
pin 29 Correct curve
pin 17 Incorrect curve
198 Incorrect sharpen
pin 26 Correct curve
pin 94 Correct curve
pin 94 Sharpen complete
pin 24 Correct curve
pin 34 Incorrect curve
pin 15 Correct curve
1292 OK
pin 90 Correct curve
pin 38 Correct curve
pin 45 Sharpen complete
pin 42 Correct curve
pin 55 Correct curve
pin 58 Correct curve
1598 OK
pin 39 Correct curve
pin 3 Correct curve
pin 82 Sharpen complete
pin 46 Correct curve
pin 65 Correct curve
pin 1 Correct curve
765 OK
pin 21 Correct curve
pin 17 Incorrect curve
pin 53 Sharpen complete
pin 37 Correct curve
pin 32 Correct curve
1394 OK
pin 15 Correct curve
pin 77 Correct curve
pin 89 Sharpen complete
pin 10 Correct curve
pin 90 Correct curve
pin 72 Correct curve
901 OK
pin 9 Correct curve
pin 73 Correct curve
pin 46 Sharpen complete
pin 65 Correct curve
pin 93 Correct curve
pin 0 Incorrect curve
1513 OK
pin 95 Correct curve
pin 11 Correct curve
pin 59 Sharpen complete
pin 26 Correct curve
pin 89 Correct curve
pin 35 Correct curve
782 OK
pin 61 Correct curve
pin 4 Correct curve
pin 92 Sharpen complete
pin 25 Correct curve
pin 0 Incorrect curve
1003 OK
pin 46 Correct curve
pin 81 Correct curve
pin 7 Sharpen complete
pin 58 Correct curve
pin 86 Correct curve
pin 85 Incorrect curve
1564 OK
pin 5 Correct curve
pin 51 Incorrect curve
pin 5 Sharpen complete
pin 86 Correct curve
pin 27 Correct curve
pin 69 Correct curve
119 OK
pin 24 Correct curve
pin 60 Correct curve
pin 42 Sharpen complete
pin 84 Correct curve
pin 1 Correct curve
pin 70 Correct curve
85 OK
pin 75 Correct curve
pin 73 Correct curve
pin 55 Sharpen complete
pin 80 Correct curve
pin 48 Correct curve
pin 39 Correct curve
714 OK
pin 73 Correct curve
pin 48 Correct curve
pin 11 Sharpen complete
pin 34 Incorrect curve
pin 84 Correct curve
935 OK
pin 75 Correct curve
pin 23 Correct curve
pin 74 Sharpen complete
pin 20 Correct curve
pin 37 Correct curve
pin 27 Correct curve
187 OK
pin 46 Correct curve
pin 37 Correct curve
pin 57 Sharpen complete
pin 74 Correct curve
pin 27 Correct curve
pin 96 Correct curve
1258 OK
pin 61 Correct curve
pin 12 Correct curve
pin 50 Sharpen complete
pin 1 Correct curve
pin 12 Correct curve
pin 99 Correct curve
969 OK
pin 28 Correct curve
pin 81 Correct curve
pin 19 Sharpen complete
pin 23 Correct curve
pin 88 Correct curve
850 OK
pin 66 Correct curve
pin 24 Correct curve
pin 70 Sharpen complete
pin 59 Correct curve
pin 41 Correct curve
pin 98 Correct curve
323 OK
pin 39 Correct curve
pin 90 Correct curve
pin 75 Sharpen complete
pin 37 Correct curve
pin 13 Correct curve
pin 38 Correct curve
1190 OK
pin 71 Correct curve
pin 98 Correct curve
pin 18 Sharpen complete
pin 14 Correct curve
pin 95 Correct curve
1275 OK
pin 18 Correct curve
pin 51 Incorrect curve
pin 33 Sharpen complete
pin 22 Correct curve
pin 65 Correct curve
pin 89 Correct curve
306 OK
pin 97 Correct curve
pin 92 Correct curve
pin 29 Sharpen complete
pin 85 Incorrect curve
pin 58 Correct curve
pin 5 Correct curve
561 OK
pin 87 Correct curve
pin 71 Correct curve
pin 36 Sharpen complete
pin 5 Correct curve
pin 15 Correct curve
pin 53 Correct curve
493 OK
pin 28 Correct curve
pin 4 Correct curve
pin 57 Sharpen complete
pin 20 Correct curve
pin 53 Correct curve
612 OK
pin 64 Correct curve
pin 61 Correct curve
pin 72 Sharpen complete
pin 52 Correct curve
pin 4 Correct curve
pin 52 Correct curve
969 OK
pin 89 Correct curve
pin 18 Correct curve
pin 75 Sharpen complete
pin 90 Correct curve
pin 61 Correct curve
pin 16 Correct curve
792 Incorrect sharpen
pin 4 Correct curve
pin 56 Correct curve
pin 70 Sharpen complete
pin 35 Correct curve
pin 56 Correct curve
1275 OK
pin 79 Correct curve
pin 0 Incorrect curve
pin 81 Sharpen complete
pin 45 Correct curve
pin 76 Correct curve
pin 93 Correct curve
1190 OK
pin 30 Correct curve
pin 35 Correct curve
pin 94 Sharpen complete
pin 99 Correct curve
pin 17 Incorrect curve
pin 6 Correct curve
1377 OK
pin 4 Correct curve
pin 33 Correct curve
pin 46 Sharpen complete
pin 60 Correct curve
pin 33 Correct curve
pin 38 Correct curve
1034 Incorrect sharpen
pin 80 Correct curve
pin 87 Correct curve
pin 75 Sharpen complete
pin 3 Correct curve
pin 42 Correct curve
pin 39 Correct curve
782 OK
pin 7 Correct curve
pin 94 Correct curve
pin 40 Sharpen complete
pin 28 Correct curve
pin 25 Correct curve
1275 OK
pin 85 Incorrect curve
pin 90 Correct curve
pin 29 Sharpen complete
pin 42 Correct curve
pin 89 Correct curve
pin 46 Correct curve
680 OK
pin 78 Correct curve
pin 45 Correct curve
pin 29 Sharpen complete
pin 25 Correct curve
pin 79 Correct curve
pin 90 Correct curve
493 OK
pin 2 Correct curve
pin 30 Sharpen complete
pin 73 Correct curve
pin 21 Correct curve
pin 38 Correct curve
493 OK
pin 72 Correct curve
pin 38 Correct curve
pin 75 Sharpen complete
pin 45 Correct curve
pin 77 Correct curve
pin 72 Correct curve
510 OK
pin 5 Correct curve
pin 88 Sharpen complete
pin 10 Correct curve
pin 10 Correct curve
pin 85 Incorrect curve
1275 OK
pin 97 Correct curve
pin 13 Correct curve
pin 22 Sharpen complete
pin 28 Correct curve
pin 37 Correct curve
pin 21 Correct curve
1496 OK
pin 22 Correct curve
pin 66 Correct curve
pin 83 Sharpen complete
pin 47 Correct curve
pin 7 Correct curve
pin 56 Correct curve
374 OK
pin 90 Correct curve
pin 97 Correct curve
pin 93 Sharpen complete
pin 2 Correct curve
pin 68 Incorrect curve
1411 OK
pin 43 Correct curve
pin 28 Correct curve
pin 65 Sharpen complete
pin 48 Correct curve
pin 34 Incorrect curve
pin 31 Correct curve
1581 OK
pin 21 Correct curve
pin 55 Correct curve
pin 38 Sharpen complete
pin 70 Correct curve
pin 93 Correct curve
1105 OK
pin 94 Correct curve
pin 15 Correct curve
pin 5 Sharpen complete
pin 71 Correct curve
pin 66 Correct curve
pin 21 Correct curve
646 OK
pin 81 Correct curve
pin 77 Correct curve
pin 39 Sharpen complete
pin 7 Correct curve
pin 79 Correct curve
pin 91 Correct curve
85 OK
pin 35 Correct curve
pin 16 Correct curve
pin 96 Sharpen complete
pin 12 Correct curve
pin 57 Correct curve
pin 82 Correct curve
429 Incorrect sharpen
pin 59 Correct curve
pin 65 Correct curve
pin 56 Sharpen complete
pin 38 Correct curve
pin 49 Correct curve
1632 OK
pin 62 Correct curve
pin 41 Correct curve
pin 59 Sharpen complete
pin 18 Correct curve
pin 6 Correct curve
pin 70 Correct curve
616 Incorrect sharpen
pin 66 Correct curve
pin 40 Correct curve
pin 66 Sharpen complete
pin 2 Correct curve
pin 88 Correct curve
pin 96 Correct curve
1003 OK
pin 72 Correct curve
pin 82 Correct curve
pin 31 Sharpen complete
pin 91 Correct curve
pin 87 Correct curve
1122 OK
pin 53 Correct curve
pin 58 Correct curve
pin 78 Sharpen complete
pin 8 Correct curve
pin 34 Incorrect curve
pin 35 Correct curve
527 OK
pin 15 Correct curve
pin 14 Correct curve
pin 61 Sharpen complete
pin 27 Correct curve
pin 50 Correct curve
pin 30 Correct curve
1326 OK
pin 39 Correct curve
pin 8 Correct curve
pin 15 Sharpen complete
pin 13 Correct curve
pin 99 Correct curve
pin 74 Correct curve
1037 OK
pin 52 Correct curve
pin 49 Correct curve
pin 57 Sharpen complete
pin 37 Correct curve
pin 94 Correct curve
pin 68 Incorrect curve
255 OK
pin 43 Correct curve
pin 62 Sharpen complete
pin 64 Correct curve
pin 35 Correct curve
pin 84 Correct curve
969 OK
pin 66 Correct curve
pin 23 Correct curve
pin 87 Sharpen complete
pin 80 Correct curve
pin 38 Correct curve
pin 5 Correct curve
1054 OK
pin 71 Correct curve
pin 26 Correct curve
pin 33 Sharpen complete
pin 59 Correct curve
pin 30 Correct curve
pin 34 Incorrect curve
1479 OK
pin 94 Correct curve
pin 33 Sharpen complete
pin 65 Correct curve
pin 50 Correct curve
pin 8 Correct curve
561 OK
pin 93 Correct curve
pin 1 Correct curve
pin 28 Sharpen complete
pin 39 Correct curve
pin 32 Correct curve
pin 10 Correct curve
561 OK
pin 52 Correct curve
pin 32 Correct curve
pin 79 Sharpen complete
pin 84 Correct curve
pin 5 Correct curve
476 OK
pin 81 Correct curve
pin 21 Correct curve
pin 44 Sharpen complete
pin 99 Correct curve
pin 50 Correct curve
pin 64 Correct curve
1343 OK
pin 63 Correct curve
pin 85 Incorrect curve
pin 9 Sharpen complete
pin 48 Correct curve
pin 30 Correct curve
pin 8 Correct curve
748 OK
pin 29 Correct curve
pin 69 Correct curve
pin 73 Sharpen complete
pin 14 Correct curve
pin 1 Correct curve
pin 95 Correct curve
153 OK
pin 73 Correct curve
pin 31 Correct curve
pin 98 Sharpen complete
pin 30 Correct curve
pin 67 Correct curve
1241 OK
pin 97 Correct curve
pin 80 Correct curve
pin 62 Sharpen complete
pin 75 Correct curve
pin 90 Correct curve
pin 82 Correct curve
1666 OK
pin 15 Correct curve
pin 23 Correct curve
pin 21 Sharpen complete
pin 92 Correct curve
pin 68 Incorrect curve
pin 55 Correct curve
1054 OK
pin 76 Correct curve
pin 73 Correct curve
pin 56 Sharpen complete
pin 37 Correct curve
pin 97 Correct curve
pin 73 Correct curve
357 OK
pin 87 Correct curve
pin 86 Sharpen complete
pin 62 Correct curve
pin 36 Correct curve
pin 72 Correct curve
952 OK
pin 10 Correct curve
pin 67 Correct curve
pin 7 Sharpen complete
pin 81 Correct curve
pin 40 Correct curve
pin 36 Correct curve
1462 OK
pin 95 Correct curve
pin 41 Correct curve
pin 62 Sharpen complete
pin 31 Correct curve
pin 68 Incorrect curve
pin 72 Correct curve
119 OK
pin 62 Correct curve
pin 36 Correct curve
pin 26 Sharpen complete
pin 69 Correct curve
pin 42 Correct curve
pin 11 Correct curve
1054 OK
pin 60 Correct curve
pin 3 Sharpen complete
pin 25 Correct curve
pin 27 Correct curve
pin 83 Correct curve
442 OK
pin 17 Incorrect curve
pin 95 Correct curve
pin 18 Sharpen complete
pin 38 Correct curve
pin 93 Correct curve
pin 69 Correct curve
51 OK
pin 75 Correct curve
pin 91 Correct curve
pin 86 Sharpen complete
pin 42 Correct curve
pin 63 Correct curve
pin 53 Correct curve
306 OK
pin 78 Correct curve
pin 35 Correct curve
pin 69 Sharpen complete
pin 64 Correct curve
pin 46 Correct curve
1462 OK
pin 16 Correct curve
pin 4 Correct curve
pin 49 Sharpen complete
pin 82 Correct curve
pin 12 Correct curve
pin 46 Correct curve
1173 OK
pin 14 Correct curve
pin 81 Correct curve
pin 65 Sharpen complete
pin 18 Correct curve
pin 76 Correct curve
pin 17 Incorrect curve
833 OK
pin 88 Correct curve
pin 19 Correct curve
pin 69 Sharpen complete
pin 29 Correct curve
pin 49 Correct curve
pin 44 Correct curve
1105 OK
pin 56 Correct curve
pin 32 Correct curve
pin 11 Sharpen complete
pin 62 Correct curve
pin 51 Incorrect curve
pin 71 Correct curve
1173 OK
pin 56 Correct curve
pin 21 Correct curve
pin 80 Sharpen complete
pin 47 Correct curve
pin 47 Correct curve
pin 63 Correct curve
187 OK
pin 10 Correct curve
pin 1 Correct curve
pin 27 Sharpen complete
pin 42 Correct curve
pin 46 Correct curve
pin 66 Correct curve
1360 OK
pin 88 Correct curve
pin 62 Correct curve
pin 74 Sharpen complete
pin 71 Correct curve
pin 71 Correct curve
pin 75 Correct curve
459 OK
pin 17 Incorrect curve
pin 61 Sharpen complete
pin 85 Incorrect curve
pin 56 Correct curve
pin 36 Correct curve
1258 OK
pin 62 Correct curve
pin 73 Correct curve
pin 7 Sharpen complete
pin 25 Correct curve
pin 81 Correct curve
pin 2 Correct curve
1037 OK
pin 74 Correct curve
pin 26 Correct curve
pin 37 Sharpen complete
pin 59 Correct curve
pin 6 Correct curve
pin 88 Correct curve
119 OK
pin 11 Correct curve
pin 78 Correct curve
pin 89 Sharpen complete
pin 44 Correct curve
pin 32 Correct curve
pin 25 Correct curve
629 OK
pin 92 Correct curve
pin 95 Correct curve
pin 87 Sharpen complete
pin 35 Correct curve
pin 94 Correct curve
1513 OK
pin 37 Correct curve
pin 81 Correct curve
pin 81 Sharpen complete
pin 60 Correct curve
pin 25 Correct curve
pin 44 Correct curve
957 Incorrect sharpen
pin 31 Correct curve
pin 96 Correct curve
pin 58 Sharpen complete
pin 19 Correct curve
pin 49 Correct curve
pin 82 Correct curve
1377 OK
pin 76 Correct curve
pin 85 Incorrect curve
pin 96 Sharpen complete
pin 44 Correct curve
pin 49 Correct curve
pin 10 Correct curve
986 OK
pin 26 Correct curve
pin 52 Correct curve
pin 55 Sharpen complete
pin 85 Incorrect curve
pin 52 Correct curve
1632 OK
pin 57 Sharpen complete
935 OK
pin 81 Sharpen complete
969 OK
pin 18 Sharpen complete
1377 OK
pin 78 Sharpen complete
306 OK
pin 49 Sharpen complete
1326 OK
pin 74 Sharpen complete
833 OK
pin 65 Sharpen complete
1258 OK
pin 56 Sharpen complete
715 Incorrect sharpen
pin 36 Sharpen complete
952 OK
pin 92 Sharpen complete
396 Incorrect sharpen
pin 60 Sharpen complete
1564 OK
pin 54 Sharpen complete
1020 OK
pin 78 Sharpen complete
918 OK
pin 29 Sharpen complete
1326 OK
pin 4 Sharpen complete
319 Incorrect sharpen
pin 43 Sharpen complete
68 OK
pin 99 Sharpen complete
731 OK
pin 16 Sharpen complete
1683 OK
pin 24 Sharpen complete
272 OK
pin 27 Sharpen complete
408 OK
pin 90 Sharpen complete
459 OK
pin 93 Sharpen complete
1530 OK
pin 88 Sharpen complete
1581 OK
pin 98 Sharpen complete
1496 OK
pin 30 Sharpen complete
1666 OK
pin 78 Sharpen complete
510 OK
pin 11 Sharpen complete
1326 OK
pin 37 Sharpen complete
187 OK
pin 82 Sharpen complete
629 OK
pin 67 Sharpen complete
1394 OK
pin 94 Sharpen complete
1139 OK
pin 63 Sharpen complete
1598 OK
pin 73 Sharpen complete
1071 OK
pin 13 Sharpen complete
1241 OK
pin 60 Sharpen complete
221 OK
pin 38 Sharpen complete
660 Incorrect sharpen
pin 70 Sharpen complete
646 OK
pin 96 Sharpen complete
1190 OK
pin 31 Sharpen complete
1056 Incorrect sharpen
pin 30 Sharpen complete
527 OK
pin 9 Sharpen complete
510 OK
pin 60 Sharpen complete
153 OK
pin 56 Sharpen complete
660 Incorrect sharpen
pin 53 Sharpen complete
952 OK
pin 60 Sharpen complete
901 OK
pin 72 Sharpen complete
660 Incorrect sharpen
pin 78 Sharpen complete
1224 OK
pin 87 Sharpen complete
1326 OK
pin 63 Sharpen complete
1479 OK
pin 71 Sharpen complete
1071 OK
pin 76 Sharpen complete
1207 OK
pin 62 Sharpen complete
1292 OK
pin 1 Sharpen complete
1054 OK
pin 55 Sharpen complete
17 OK
pin 48 Sharpen complete
935 OK
pin 13 Sharpen complete
816 OK
pin 92 Sharpen complete
221 OK
pin 30 Sharpen complete
1564 OK
pin 81 Sharpen complete
510 OK
pin 87 Sharpen complete
891 Incorrect sharpen
pin 94 Sharpen complete
1479 OK
pin 66 Sharpen complete
1598 OK
pin 60 Sharpen complete
1122 OK
pin 7 Sharpen complete
1020 OK
pin 26 Sharpen complete
77 Incorrect sharpen
pin 99 Sharpen complete
442 OK
pin 78 Sharpen complete
1683 OK
pin 23 Sharpen complete
1326 OK
pin 30 Sharpen complete
391 OK
pin 9 Sharpen complete
510 OK
pin 75 Sharpen complete
99 Incorrect sharpen
pin 40 Sharpen complete
1275 OK
pin 70 Sharpen complete
680 OK
pin 31 Sharpen complete
770 Incorrect sharpen
pin 94 Sharpen complete
527 OK
pin 30 Sharpen complete
1598 OK
pin 4 Sharpen complete
510 OK
pin 72 Sharpen complete
68 OK
pin 18 Sharpen complete
1224 OK
pin 44 Sharpen complete
306 OK
pin 94 Sharpen complete
748 OK
pin 30 Sharpen complete
1598 OK
pin 46 Sharpen complete
510 OK
pin 50 Sharpen complete
506 Incorrect sharpen
pin 78 Sharpen complete
850 OK
pin 60 Sharpen complete
1326 OK
pin 42 Sharpen complete
1020 OK
pin 8 Sharpen complete
714 OK
pin 41 Sharpen complete
88 Incorrect sharpen
pin 30 Sharpen complete
451 Incorrect sharpen
pin 2 Sharpen complete
510 OK
pin 8 Sharpen complete
34 OK
pin 91 Sharpen complete
136 OK
pin 10 Sharpen complete
1547 OK
pin 35 Sharpen complete
170 OK
pin 90 Sharpen complete
595 OK
pin 89 Sharpen complete
1530 OK
pin 59 Sharpen complete
1513 OK
pin 21 Sharpen complete
1003 OK
pin 99 Sharpen complete
357 OK
pin 62 Sharpen complete
1683 OK
pin 69 Sharpen complete
1054 OK
pin 65 Sharpen complete
1173 OK
pin 56 Sharpen complete
1105 OK
pin 99 Sharpen complete
952 OK
pin 69 Sharpen complete
1683 OK
pin 29 Sharpen complete
759 Incorrect sharpen
pin 37 Sharpen complete
493 OK
pin 74 Sharpen complete
629 OK
pin 12 Sharpen complete
1258 OK
pin 20 Sharpen complete
204 OK
pin 62 Sharpen complete
340 OK
pin 46 Sharpen complete
1054 OK
pin 81 Sharpen complete
782 OK
pin 5 Sharpen complete
1377 OK
pin 55 Sharpen complete
85 OK
pin 23 Sharpen complete
935 OK
pin 35 Sharpen complete
391 OK
pin 58 Sharpen complete
595 OK
pin 31 Sharpen complete
986 OK
pin 26 Sharpen complete
527 OK
pin 67 Sharpen complete
286 Incorrect sharpen
pin 58 Sharpen complete
1139 OK
pin 26 Sharpen complete
986 OK
pin 39 Sharpen complete
442 OK
pin 57 Sharpen complete
663 OK
pin 60 Sharpen complete
627 Incorrect sharpen
pin 2 Sharpen complete
1020 OK
pin 26 Sharpen complete
34 OK
pin 26 Sharpen complete
286 Incorrect sharpen
pin 59 Sharpen complete
442 OK
pin 26 Sharpen complete
1003 OK
pin 96 Sharpen complete
442 OK
pin 88 Sharpen complete
1632 OK
pin 44 Sharpen complete
1496 OK
pin 63 Sharpen complete
484 Incorrect sharpen
pin 56 Sharpen complete
1071 OK
pin 2 Sharpen complete
952 OK
pin 84 Sharpen complete
34 OK
pin 19 Sharpen complete
1428 OK
pin 48 Sharpen complete
209 Incorrect sharpen
pin 65 Sharpen complete
816 OK
pin 24 Sharpen complete
1105 OK
pin 4 Sharpen complete
408 OK
pin 89 Sharpen complete
68 OK
pin 60 Sharpen complete
979 Incorrect sharpen
pin 62 Sharpen complete
1020 OK
pin 21 Sharpen complete
1054 OK
pin 86 Sharpen complete
357 OK
pin 31 Sharpen complete
1462 OK
pin 88 Sharpen complete
341 Incorrect sharpen
pin 4 Sharpen complete
1496 OK
pin 89 Sharpen complete
44 Incorrect sharpen
pin 15 Sharpen complete
1513 OK
pin 43 Sharpen complete
255 OK
pin 47 Sharpen complete
731 OK
pin 75 Sharpen complete
799 OK
pin 45 Sharpen complete
1275 OK
pin 73 Sharpen complete
765 OK
pin 2 Sharpen complete
1241 OK
pin 4 Sharpen complete
34 OK
pin 98 Sharpen complete
68 OK
pin 93 Sharpen complete
1666 OK
pin 44 Sharpen complete
1581 OK
pin 32 Sharpen complete
748 OK
pin 57 Sharpen complete
352 Incorrect sharpen
pin 1 Sharpen complete
969 OK
pin 35 Sharpen complete
11 Incorrect sharpen
pin 41 Sharpen complete
595 OK
pin 20 Sharpen complete
697 OK
pin 84 Sharpen complete
340 OK
pin 7 Sharpen complete
1428 OK
pin 45 Sharpen complete
119 OK
pin 88 Sharpen complete
765 OK
pin 96 Sharpen complete
1496 OK
pin 5 Sharpen complete
1632 OK
pin 50 Sharpen complete
85 OK
pin 18 Sharpen complete
850 OK
pin 91 Sharpen complete
306 OK
pin 81 Sharpen complete
1547 OK
pin 6 Sharpen complete
1377 OK
pin 96 Sharpen complete
102 OK
pin 71 Sharpen complete
1632 OK
pin 22 Sharpen complete
1207 OK
pin 39 Sharpen complete
374 OK
pin 18 Sharpen complete
663 OK
pin 98 Sharpen complete
306 OK
pin 92 Sharpen complete
1666 OK
pin 90 Sharpen complete
1564 OK
pin 92 Sharpen complete
1530 OK
pin 99 Sharpen complete
1564 OK
pin 84 Sharpen complete
1683 OK
pin 36 Sharpen complete
1428 OK
pin 31 Sharpen complete
612 OK
pin 41 Sharpen complete
527 OK
pin 38 Sharpen complete
697 OK
pin 66 Sharpen complete
646 OK
pin 83 Sharpen complete
1122 OK
pin 58 Sharpen complete
1411 OK
pin 90 Sharpen complete
986 OK
pin 4 Sharpen complete
1530 OK
pin 39 Sharpen complete
68 OK
pin 87 Sharpen complete
663 OK
pin 9 Sharpen complete
957 Incorrect sharpen
pin 89 Sharpen complete
153 OK
pin 5 Sharpen complete
1513 OK
pin 1 Sharpen complete
85 OK
pin 71 Sharpen complete
17 OK
pin 12 Sharpen complete
1207 OK
pin 97 Sharpen complete
132 Incorrect sharpen
pin 42 Sharpen complete
1649 OK
pin 35 Sharpen complete
714 OK
pin 36 Sharpen complete
595 OK
pin 60 Sharpen complete
612 OK
pin 33 Sharpen complete
660 Incorrect sharpen
pin 22 Sharpen complete
561 OK
pin 52 Sharpen complete
374 OK
pin 33 Sharpen complete
884 OK
pin 12 Sharpen complete
561 OK
pin 45 Sharpen complete
204 OK
pin 32 Sharpen complete
765 OK
pin 96 Sharpen complete
544 OK
pin 82 Sharpen complete
1632 OK
pin 64 Sharpen complete
1394 OK
pin 38 Sharpen complete
1088 OK
pin 20 Sharpen complete
646 OK
pin 31 Sharpen complete
340 OK
pin 21 Sharpen complete
527 OK
pin 79 Sharpen complete
357 OK
pin 82 Sharpen complete
1343 OK
pin 12 Sharpen complete
902 Incorrect sharpen
pin 83 Sharpen complete
204 OK
pin 21 Sharpen complete
1411 OK
pin 99 Sharpen complete
231 Incorrect sharpen
pin 92 Sharpen complete
1683 OK
pin 11 Sharpen complete
1564 OK
pin 5 Sharpen complete
187 OK
pin 93 Sharpen complete
55 Incorrect sharpen
pin 82 Sharpen complete
1581 OK
pin 18 Sharpen complete
1394 OK
pin 91 Sharpen complete
306 OK
pin 25 Sharpen complete
1547 OK
pin 53 Sharpen complete
425 OK
pin 27 Sharpen complete
901 OK
pin 86 Sharpen complete
459 OK
pin 86 Sharpen complete
1462 OK
pin 50 Sharpen complete
1462 OK
pin 39 Sharpen complete
850 OK
pin 20 Sharpen complete
663 OK
pin 62 Sharpen complete
220 Incorrect sharpen
pin 84 Sharpen complete
1054 OK
pin 53 Sharpen complete
1428 OK
pin 59 Sharpen complete
901 OK
pin 66 Sharpen complete
1003 OK
pin 97 Sharpen complete
1122 OK
pin 87 Sharpen complete
1649 OK
pin 49 Sharpen complete
1479 OK
pin 19 Sharpen complete
833 OK
pin 66 Sharpen complete
323 OK
pin 31 Sharpen complete
1122 OK
pin 31 Sharpen complete
527 OK
pin 50 Sharpen complete
527 OK
pin 53 Sharpen complete
850 OK
pin 30 Sharpen complete
901 OK
pin 43 Sharpen complete
510 OK
pin 64 Sharpen complete
731 OK
pin 36 Sharpen complete
1088 OK
pin 37 Sharpen complete
612 OK
pin 47 Sharpen complete
629 OK
pin 55 Sharpen complete
799 OK
pin 28 Sharpen complete
605 Incorrect sharpen
pin 73 Sharpen complete
476 OK
pin 8 Sharpen complete
1241 OK
pin 56 Sharpen complete
136 OK
pin 59 Sharpen complete
952 OK
pin 95 Sharpen complete
1003 OK
pin 6 Sharpen complete
1615 OK
pin 98 Sharpen complete
102 OK
pin 15 Sharpen complete
1666 OK
pin 69 Sharpen complete
255 OK
pin 83 Sharpen complete
1173 OK
pin 69 Sharpen complete
1411 OK
pin 28 Sharpen complete
759 Incorrect sharpen
pin 49 Sharpen complete
476 OK
pin 86 Sharpen complete
539 Incorrect sharpen
pin 26 Sharpen complete
1462 OK
pin 37 Sharpen complete
442 OK
pin 35 Sharpen complete
629 OK
pin 45 Sharpen complete
595 OK
pin 4 Sharpen complete
765 OK
pin 67 Sharpen complete
68 OK
pin 76 Sharpen complete
737 Incorrect sharpen
pin 55 Sharpen complete
1292 OK
pin 20 Sharpen complete
935 OK
pin 7 Sharpen complete
340 OK
pin 98 Sharpen complete
119 OK
pin 44 Sharpen complete
1666 OK
pin 36 Sharpen complete
484 Incorrect sharpen
pin 33 Sharpen complete
612 OK
pin 99 Sharpen complete
561 OK
pin 64 Sharpen complete
1683 OK
pin 6 Sharpen complete
1088 OK
pin 8 Sharpen complete
102 OK
pin 20 Sharpen complete
88 Incorrect sharpen
pin 66 Sharpen complete
340 OK
pin 3 Sharpen complete
1122 OK
pin 27 Sharpen complete
51 OK
pin 64 Sharpen complete
459 OK
pin 19 Sharpen complete
1088 OK
pin 96 Sharpen complete
323 OK
pin 48 Sharpen complete
1632 OK
pin 88 Sharpen complete
816 OK
pin 25 Sharpen complete
1496 OK
pin 98 Sharpen complete
275 Incorrect sharpen
pin 75 Sharpen complete
1666 OK
pin 52 Sharpen complete
1275 OK
pin 35 Sharpen complete
884 OK
pin 10 Sharpen complete
595 OK
pin 97 Sharpen complete
170 OK
pin 39 Sharpen complete
1649 OK
pin 78 Sharpen complete
663 OK
pin 74 Sharpen complete
1326 OK
pin 94 Sharpen complete
814 Incorrect sharpen
pin 98 Sharpen complete
1598 OK
pin 82 Sharpen complete
1078 Incorrect sharpen
pin 93 Sharpen complete
1394 OK
pin 84 Sharpen complete
1023 Incorrect sharpen
pin 27 Sharpen complete
1428 OK
pin 29 Sharpen complete
459 OK
pin 26 Sharpen complete
493 OK
pin 94 Sharpen complete
442 OK
pin 24 Sharpen complete
1598 OK
pin 15 Sharpen complete
408 OK
pin 90 Sharpen complete
255 OK
pin 38 Sharpen complete
1530 OK
pin 42 Sharpen complete
646 OK
pin 55 Sharpen complete
462 Incorrect sharpen
pin 58 Sharpen complete
935 OK
pin 39 Sharpen complete
986 OK
pin 3 Sharpen complete
429 Incorrect sharpen
pin 46 Sharpen complete
51 OK
pin 65 Sharpen complete
782 OK
pin 1 Sharpen complete
1105 OK
pin 21 Sharpen complete
17 OK
pin 37 Sharpen complete
357 OK
pin 32 Sharpen complete
407 Incorrect sharpen
pin 15 Sharpen complete
544 OK
pin 77 Sharpen complete
255 OK
pin 10 Sharpen complete
1309 OK
pin 90 Sharpen complete
170 OK
pin 72 Sharpen complete
1530 OK
pin 9 Sharpen complete
792 Incorrect sharpen
pin 73 Sharpen complete
153 OK
pin 65 Sharpen complete
1241 OK
pin 93 Sharpen complete
1105 OK
pin 95 Sharpen complete
1581 OK
pin 11 Sharpen complete
1045 Incorrect sharpen
pin 26 Sharpen complete
187 OK
pin 89 Sharpen complete
442 OK
pin 35 Sharpen complete
1513 OK
pin 61 Sharpen complete
595 OK
pin 4 Sharpen complete
1037 OK
pin 25 Sharpen complete
68 OK
pin 46 Sharpen complete
425 OK
pin 81 Sharpen complete
782 OK
pin 58 Sharpen complete
1377 OK
pin 86 Sharpen complete
986 OK
pin 5 Sharpen complete
1462 OK
pin 86 Sharpen complete
85 OK
pin 27 Sharpen complete
1462 OK
pin 69 Sharpen complete
459 OK
pin 24 Sharpen complete
1173 OK
pin 60 Sharpen complete
408 OK
pin 84 Sharpen complete
1020 OK
pin 1 Sharpen complete
1428 OK
pin 70 Sharpen complete
17 OK
pin 75 Sharpen complete
1190 OK
pin 73 Sharpen complete
825 Incorrect sharpen
pin 80 Sharpen complete
1241 OK
pin 48 Sharpen complete
1360 OK
pin 39 Sharpen complete
816 OK
pin 73 Sharpen complete
663 OK
pin 48 Sharpen complete
1241 OK
pin 84 Sharpen complete
816 OK
pin 75 Sharpen complete
1428 OK
pin 23 Sharpen complete
1275 OK
pin 20 Sharpen complete
391 OK
pin 37 Sharpen complete
340 OK
pin 27 Sharpen complete
629 OK
pin 46 Sharpen complete
297 Incorrect sharpen
pin 37 Sharpen complete
782 OK
pin 74 Sharpen complete
629 OK
pin 27 Sharpen complete
1258 OK
pin 96 Sharpen complete
459 OK
pin 61 Sharpen complete
1632 OK
pin 12 Sharpen complete
1037 OK
pin 1 Sharpen complete
204 OK
pin 12 Sharpen complete
17 OK
pin 99 Sharpen complete
204 OK
pin 28 Sharpen complete
1683 OK
pin 81 Sharpen complete
476 OK
pin 23 Sharpen complete
1377 OK
pin 88 Sharpen complete
253 Incorrect sharpen
pin 66 Sharpen complete
1496 OK
pin 24 Sharpen complete
1122 OK
pin 59 Sharpen complete
408 OK
pin 41 Sharpen complete
1003 OK
pin 98 Sharpen complete
697 OK
pin 39 Sharpen complete
1666 OK
pin 90 Sharpen complete
663 OK
pin 37 Sharpen complete
1530 OK
pin 13 Sharpen complete
629 OK
pin 38 Sharpen complete
221 OK
pin 71 Sharpen complete
646 OK
pin 98 Sharpen complete
1207 OK
pin 14 Sharpen complete
1666 OK
pin 95 Sharpen complete
154 Incorrect sharpen
pin 18 Sharpen complete
1615 OK
pin 22 Sharpen complete
198 Incorrect sharpen
pin 65 Sharpen complete
374 OK
pin 89 Sharpen complete
1105 OK
pin 97 Sharpen complete
1513 OK
pin 92 Sharpen complete
1649 OK
pin 58 Sharpen complete
1564 OK
pin 5 Sharpen complete
986 OK
pin 87 Sharpen complete
85 OK
pin 71 Sharpen complete
1479 OK
pin 5 Sharpen complete
1207 OK
pin 15 Sharpen complete
85 OK
pin 53 Sharpen complete
255 OK
pin 28 Sharpen complete
583 Incorrect sharpen
pin 4 Sharpen complete
476 OK
pin 20 Sharpen complete
68 OK
pin 53 Sharpen complete
220 Incorrect sharpen
pin 64 Sharpen complete
901 OK
pin 61 Sharpen complete
1088 OK
pin 52 Sharpen complete
1037 OK
pin 4 Sharpen complete
884 OK
pin 52 Sharpen complete
68 OK
pin 89 Sharpen complete
884 OK
pin 18 Sharpen complete
1513 OK
pin 90 Sharpen complete
306 OK
pin 61 Sharpen complete
1530 OK
pin 16 Sharpen complete
1037 OK
pin 4 Sharpen complete
272 OK
pin 56 Sharpen complete
68 OK
pin 35 Sharpen complete
952 OK
pin 56 Sharpen complete
595 OK
pin 79 Sharpen complete
952 OK
pin 45 Sharpen complete
1343 OK
pin 76 Sharpen complete
495 Incorrect sharpen
pin 93 Sharpen complete
1292 OK
pin 30 Sharpen complete
1023 Incorrect sharpen
pin 35 Sharpen complete
510 OK
pin 99 Sharpen complete
595 OK
pin 6 Sharpen complete
1683 OK
pin 4 Sharpen complete
102 OK
pin 33 Sharpen complete
68 OK
pin 60 Sharpen complete
561 OK
pin 33 Sharpen complete
1020 OK
pin 38 Sharpen complete
561 OK
pin 80 Sharpen complete
646 OK
pin 87 Sharpen complete
1360 OK
pin 3 Sharpen complete
1479 OK
pin 42 Sharpen complete
51 OK
pin 39 Sharpen complete
714 OK
pin 7 Sharpen complete
663 OK
pin 94 Sharpen complete
119 OK
pin 28 Sharpen complete
1598 OK
pin 25 Sharpen complete
476 OK
pin 90 Sharpen complete
425 OK
pin 42 Sharpen complete
1530 OK
pin 89 Sharpen complete
714 OK
pin 46 Sharpen complete
1513 OK
pin 78 Sharpen complete
506 Incorrect sharpen
pin 45 Sharpen complete
1326 OK
pin 25 Sharpen complete
765 OK
pin 79 Sharpen complete
425 OK
pin 90 Sharpen complete
1343 OK
pin 2 Sharpen complete
1530 OK
pin 73 Sharpen complete
34 OK
pin 21 Sharpen complete
1241 OK
pin 38 Sharpen complete
357 OK
pin 72 Sharpen complete
646 OK
pin 38 Sharpen complete
1224 OK
pin 45 Sharpen complete
646 OK
pin 77 Sharpen complete
765 OK
pin 72 Sharpen complete
1309 OK
pin 5 Sharpen complete
1224 OK
pin 10 Sharpen complete
85 OK
pin 10 Sharpen complete
170 OK
pin 97 Sharpen complete
110 Incorrect sharpen
pin 13 Sharpen complete
1649 OK
pin 28 Sharpen complete
221 OK
pin 37 Sharpen complete
476 OK
pin 21 Sharpen complete
629 OK
pin 22 Sharpen complete
357 OK
pin 66 Sharpen complete
374 OK
pin 47 Sharpen complete
1122 OK
pin 7 Sharpen complete
799 OK
pin 56 Sharpen complete
119 OK
pin 90 Sharpen complete
952 OK
pin 97 Sharpen complete
1530 OK
pin 2 Sharpen complete
1649 OK
pin 43 Sharpen complete
34 OK
pin 28 Sharpen complete
473 Incorrect sharpen
pin 48 Sharpen complete
476 OK
pin 31 Sharpen complete
816 OK
pin 21 Sharpen complete
527 OK
pin 55 Sharpen complete
357 OK
pin 70 Sharpen complete
935 OK
pin 93 Sharpen complete
770 Incorrect sharpen
pin 94 Sharpen complete
1581 OK
pin 15 Sharpen complete
1034 Incorrect sharpen
pin 71 Sharpen complete
255 OK
pin 66 Sharpen complete
1207 OK
pin 21 Sharpen complete
1122 OK
pin 81 Sharpen complete
357 OK
pin 77 Sharpen complete
1377 OK
pin 7 Sharpen complete
1309 OK
pin 79 Sharpen complete
119 OK
pin 91 Sharpen complete
1343 OK
pin 35 Sharpen complete
1547 OK
pin 16 Sharpen complete
595 OK
pin 12 Sharpen complete
176 Incorrect sharpen
pin 57 Sharpen complete
204 OK
pin 82 Sharpen complete
969 OK
pin 59 Sharpen complete
1394 OK
pin 65 Sharpen complete
1003 OK
pin 38 Sharpen complete
1105 OK
pin 49 Sharpen complete
646 OK
pin 62 Sharpen complete
833 OK
pin 41 Sharpen complete
682 Incorrect sharpen
pin 18 Sharpen complete
697 OK
pin 6 Sharpen complete
306 OK
pin 70 Sharpen complete
102 OK
pin 66 Sharpen complete
1190 OK
pin 40 Sharpen complete
1122 OK
pin 2 Sharpen complete
680 OK
pin 88 Sharpen complete
34 OK
pin 96 Sharpen complete
968 Incorrect sharpen
pin 72 Sharpen complete
1632 OK
pin 82 Sharpen complete
1224 OK
pin 91 Sharpen complete
902 Incorrect sharpen
pin 87 Sharpen complete
1547 OK
pin 53 Sharpen complete
1479 OK
pin 58 Sharpen complete
901 OK
pin 8 Sharpen complete
986 OK
pin 35 Sharpen complete
136 OK
pin 15 Sharpen complete
595 OK
pin 14 Sharpen complete
255 OK
pin 27 Sharpen complete
154 Incorrect sharpen
pin 50 Sharpen complete
459 OK
pin 30 Sharpen complete
850 OK
pin 39 Sharpen complete
510 OK
pin 8 Sharpen complete
663 OK
pin 13 Sharpen complete
88 Incorrect sharpen
pin 99 Sharpen complete
221 OK
pin 74 Sharpen complete
1683 OK
pin 52 Sharpen complete
1258 OK
pin 49 Sharpen complete
572 Incorrect sharpen
pin 37 Sharpen complete
833 OK
pin 94 Sharpen complete
629 OK
pin 43 Sharpen complete
1034 Incorrect sharpen
pin 64 Sharpen complete
473 Incorrect sharpen
pin 35 Sharpen complete
1088 OK
pin 84 Sharpen complete
595 OK
pin 66 Sharpen complete
1428 OK
pin 23 Sharpen complete
1122 OK
pin 80 Sharpen complete
391 OK
pin 38 Sharpen complete
1360 OK
pin 5 Sharpen complete
646 OK
pin 71 Sharpen complete
85 OK
pin 26 Sharpen complete
1207 OK
pin 59 Sharpen complete
442 OK
pin 30 Sharpen complete
1003 OK
pin 94 Sharpen complete
510 OK
pin 65 Sharpen complete
1598 OK
pin 50 Sharpen complete
1105 OK
pin 8 Sharpen complete
550 Incorrect sharpen
pin 93 Sharpen complete
136 OK
pin 1 Sharpen complete
1581 OK
pin 39 Sharpen complete
17 OK
pin 32 Sharpen complete
663 OK
pin 10 Sharpen complete
544 OK
pin 52 Sharpen complete
170 OK
pin 32 Sharpen complete
884 OK
pin 84 Sharpen complete
544 OK
pin 5 Sharpen complete
1428 OK
pin 81 Sharpen complete
85 OK
pin 21 Sharpen complete
1377 OK
pin 99 Sharpen complete
357 OK
pin 50 Sharpen complete
1683 OK
pin 64 Sharpen complete
850 OK
pin 63 Sharpen complete
1088 OK
pin 48 Sharpen complete
1071 OK
pin 30 Sharpen complete
816 OK
pin 8 Sharpen complete
510 OK
pin 29 Sharpen complete
136 OK
pin 69 Sharpen complete
493 OK
pin 14 Sharpen complete
1173 OK
pin 1 Sharpen complete
238 OK
pin 95 Sharpen complete
17 OK
pin 73 Sharpen complete
1615 OK
pin 31 Sharpen complete
1241 OK
pin 30 Sharpen complete
527 OK
pin 67 Sharpen complete
510 OK
pin 97 Sharpen complete
1139 OK
pin 80 Sharpen complete
1649 OK
pin 75 Sharpen complete
1360 OK
pin 90 Sharpen complete
825 Incorrect sharpen
pin 82 Sharpen complete
1530 OK
pin 15 Sharpen complete
1394 OK
pin 23 Sharpen complete
255 OK
pin 92 Sharpen complete
391 OK
pin 55 Sharpen complete
1564 OK
pin 76 Sharpen complete
935 OK
pin 73 Sharpen complete
1292 OK
pin 37 Sharpen complete
1241 OK
pin 97 Sharpen complete
629 OK
pin 73 Sharpen complete
1649 OK
pin 87 Sharpen complete
1241 OK
pin 62 Sharpen complete
1479 OK
pin 36 Sharpen complete
1054 OK
pin 72 Sharpen complete
396 Incorrect sharpen
pin 10 Sharpen complete
1224 OK
pin 67 Sharpen complete
170 OK
pin 81 Sharpen complete
1139 OK
pin 40 Sharpen complete
1377 OK
pin 36 Sharpen complete
440 Incorrect sharpen
pin 95 Sharpen complete
612 OK
pin 41 Sharpen complete
1615 OK
pin 31 Sharpen complete
697 OK
pin 72 Sharpen complete
527 OK
pin 62 Sharpen complete
1224 OK
pin 36 Sharpen complete
1054 OK
pin 69 Sharpen complete
612 OK
pin 42 Sharpen complete
1173 OK
pin 11 Sharpen complete
714 OK
pin 60 Sharpen complete
187 OK
pin 25 Sharpen complete
1020 OK
pin 27 Sharpen complete
425 OK
pin 83 Sharpen complete
459 OK
pin 95 Sharpen complete
1411 OK
pin 38 Sharpen complete
1615 OK
pin 93 Sharpen complete
646 OK
pin 69 Sharpen complete
1581 OK
pin 75 Sharpen complete
759 Incorrect sharpen
pin 91 Sharpen complete
1275 OK
pin 42 Sharpen complete
1001 Incorrect sharpen
pin 63 Sharpen complete
714 OK
pin 53 Sharpen complete
693 Incorrect sharpen
pin 78 Sharpen complete
901 OK
pin 35 Sharpen complete
1326 OK
pin 64 Sharpen complete
595 OK
pin 46 Sharpen complete
1088 OK
pin 16 Sharpen complete
782 OK
pin 4 Sharpen complete
272 OK
pin 82 Sharpen complete
68 OK
pin 12 Sharpen complete
902 Incorrect sharpen
pin 46 Sharpen complete
204 OK
pin 14 Sharpen complete
782 OK
pin 81 Sharpen complete
238 OK
pin 18 Sharpen complete
1377 OK
pin 76 Sharpen complete
306 OK
pin 88 Sharpen complete
1292 OK
pin 19 Sharpen complete
1496 OK
pin 29 Sharpen complete
323 OK
pin 49 Sharpen complete
493 OK
pin 44 Sharpen complete
833 OK
pin 56 Sharpen complete
748 OK
pin 32 Sharpen complete
952 OK
pin 62 Sharpen complete
544 OK
pin 71 Sharpen complete
1054 OK
pin 56 Sharpen complete
1207 OK
pin 21 Sharpen complete
952 OK
pin 47 Sharpen complete
357 OK
pin 47 Sharpen complete
799 OK
pin 63 Sharpen complete
799 OK
pin 10 Sharpen complete
1071 OK
pin 1 Sharpen complete
170 OK
pin 42 Sharpen complete
17 OK
pin 46 Sharpen complete
714 OK
pin 66 Sharpen complete
782 OK
pin 88 Sharpen complete
1122 OK
pin 62 Sharpen complete
1496 OK
pin 71 Sharpen complete
1054 OK
pin 71 Sharpen complete
1207 OK
pin 75 Sharpen complete
1207 OK
pin 56 Sharpen complete
1275 OK
pin 36 Sharpen complete
952 OK
pin 62 Sharpen complete
612 OK
pin 73 Sharpen complete
1054 OK
pin 25 Sharpen complete
1241 OK
pin 81 Sharpen complete
275 Incorrect sharpen
pin 2 Sharpen complete
1377 OK
pin 74 Sharpen complete
34 OK
pin 26 Sharpen complete
1258 OK
pin 59 Sharpen complete
442 OK
pin 6 Sharpen complete
1003 OK
pin 88 Sharpen complete
66 Incorrect sharpen
pin 11 Sharpen complete
968 Incorrect sharpen
pin 78 Sharpen complete
187 OK
pin 44 Sharpen complete
1326 OK
pin 32 Sharpen complete
748 OK
pin 25 Sharpen complete
544 OK
pin 92 Sharpen complete
275 Incorrect sharpen
pin 95 Sharpen complete
1564 OK
pin 35 Sharpen complete
1615 OK
pin 94 Sharpen complete
595 OK
pin 37 Sharpen complete
1598 OK
pin 81 Sharpen complete
629 OK
pin 60 Sharpen complete
891 Incorrect sharpen
pin 25 Sharpen complete
1020 OK
pin 44 Sharpen complete
275 Incorrect sharpen
pin 31 Sharpen complete
748 OK
pin 96 Sharpen complete
527 OK
pin 19 Sharpen complete
1632 OK
pin 49 Sharpen complete
323 OK
pin 82 Sharpen complete
833 OK
pin 76 Sharpen complete
1394 OK
pin 44 Sharpen complete
836 Incorrect sharpen
pin 49 Sharpen complete
748 OK
pin 10 Sharpen complete
833 OK
pin 26 Sharpen complete
170 OK
pin 52 Sharpen complete
442 OK
pin 52 Sharpen complete
572 Incorrect sharpen
884 OK

 Количество нормальных заготовок: 939

 Количество заточеных булавок: 939

 Количество хороших булавок: 837
