rawSize 0 
pin 738 Correct curve
pin 738 Sharpen complete
pin 323 Incorrect curve
pin 987 Correct curve
pin 987 Sharpen complete
pin 642 Correct curve
pin 314 Correct curve
pin 402 Correct curve
12546 OK
pin 25 Correct curve
pin 202 Correct curve
pin 642 Sharpen complete
pin 134 Correct curve
pin 475 Correct curve
pin 93 Correct curve
16779 OK
pin 852 Correct curve
pin 214 Correct curve
pin 314 Sharpen complete
pin 67 Correct curve
pin 606 Correct curve
pin 524 Correct curve
10914 OK
pin 931 Correct curve
pin 710 Correct curve
pin 402 Sharpen complete
pin 396 Correct curve
pin 741 Correct curve
pin 69 Correct curve
5338 OK
pin 103 Correct curve
pin 526 Correct curve
pin 25 Sharpen complete
pin 448 Correct curve
pin 286 Correct curve
pin 163 Correct curve
6834 OK
pin 986 Incorrect curve
pin 886 Correct curve
pin 202 Sharpen complete
pin 122 Correct curve
pin 444 Correct curve
pin 97 Correct curve
425 OK
pin 107 Correct curve
pin 9 Correct curve
pin 134 Sharpen complete
pin 559 Correct curve
pin 476 Incorrect curve
3434 OK
pin 996 Correct curve
pin 967 Correct curve
pin 475 Sharpen complete
pin 563 Correct curve
pin 176 Correct curve
pin 496 Correct curve
2278 OK
pin 686 Correct curve
pin 780 Correct curve
pin 93 Sharpen complete
pin 102 Incorrect curve
pin 78 Correct curve
pin 991 Correct curve
8075 OK
pin 119 Incorrect curve
pin 528 Correct curve
pin 852 Sharpen complete
pin 22 Correct curve
pin 430 Correct curve
1581 OK
pin 106 Correct curve
pin 401 Correct curve
pin 214 Sharpen complete
pin 620 Correct curve
pin 830 Correct curve
pin 238 Incorrect curve
14484 OK
pin 618 Correct curve
pin 69 Correct curve
pin 67 Sharpen complete
pin 642 Correct curve
pin 897 Correct curve
pin 19 Correct curve
3638 OK
pin 102 Incorrect curve
pin 681 Correct curve
pin 606 Sharpen complete
pin 356 Correct curve
pin 878 Correct curve
pin 247 Correct curve
737 Incorrect sharpen
pin 609 Correct curve
pin 85 Incorrect curve
pin 524 Sharpen complete
pin 376 Correct curve
pin 692 Correct curve
10302 OK
pin 488 Correct curve
pin 563 Correct curve
pin 931 Sharpen complete
pin 509 Correct curve
pin 172 Correct curve
pin 903 Correct curve
8908 OK
pin 318 Correct curve
pin 479 Correct curve
pin 710 Sharpen complete
pin 964 Correct curve
pin 238 Incorrect curve
pin 268 Correct curve
15827 OK
pin 819 Correct curve
pin 117 Correct curve
pin 396 Sharpen complete
pin 905 Correct curve
pin 632 Correct curve
pin 351 Correct curve
7810 Incorrect sharpen
pin 471 Correct curve
pin 668 Correct curve
pin 741 Sharpen complete
pin 862 Correct curve
pin 526 Correct curve
pin 87 Correct curve
6732 OK
pin 866 Correct curve
pin 537 Correct curve
pin 69 Sharpen complete
pin 385 Correct curve
pin 439 Correct curve
12597 OK
pin 724 Correct curve
pin 167 Correct curve
pin 103 Sharpen complete
pin 89 Correct curve
pin 582 Correct curve
pin 257 Correct curve
1173 OK
pin 283 Correct curve
pin 746 Correct curve
pin 526 Sharpen complete
pin 161 Correct curve
1751 OK
pin 448 Sharpen complete
8942 OK
pin 286 Sharpen complete
7616 OK
pin 163 Sharpen complete
4862 OK
pin 886 Sharpen complete
2771 OK
pin 122 Sharpen complete
9746 Incorrect sharpen
pin 444 Sharpen complete
2074 OK
pin 97 Sharpen complete
7548 OK
pin 107 Sharpen complete
1649 OK
pin 9 Sharpen complete
1819 OK
pin 559 Sharpen complete
153 OK
pin 996 Sharpen complete
9503 OK
pin 967 Sharpen complete
16932 OK
pin 563 Sharpen complete
16439 OK
pin 176 Sharpen complete
9571 OK
pin 496 Sharpen complete
2992 OK
pin 686 Sharpen complete
8432 OK
pin 780 Sharpen complete
11662 OK
pin 78 Sharpen complete
13260 OK
pin 991 Sharpen complete
1326 OK
pin 528 Sharpen complete
16847 OK
pin 22 Sharpen complete
8976 OK
pin 430 Sharpen complete
374 OK
pin 106 Sharpen complete
7310 OK
pin 401 Sharpen complete
1802 OK
pin 620 Sharpen complete
6817 OK
pin 830 Sharpen complete
10540 OK
pin 618 Sharpen complete
14110 OK
pin 69 Sharpen complete
10506 OK
pin 642 Sharpen complete
759 Incorrect sharpen
pin 897 Sharpen complete
10914 OK
pin 19 Sharpen complete
15249 OK
pin 681 Sharpen complete
323 OK
pin 356 Sharpen complete
7491 Incorrect sharpen
pin 878 Sharpen complete
6052 OK
pin 247 Sharpen complete
14926 OK
pin 609 Sharpen complete
4199 OK
pin 376 Sharpen complete
6699 Incorrect sharpen
pin 692 Sharpen complete
6392 OK
pin 488 Sharpen complete
11764 OK
pin 563 Sharpen complete
8296 OK
pin 509 Sharpen complete
9571 OK
pin 172 Sharpen complete
8653 OK
pin 903 Sharpen complete
2924 OK
pin 318 Sharpen complete
15351 OK
pin 479 Sharpen complete
5406 OK
pin 964 Sharpen complete
8143 OK
pin 268 Sharpen complete
16388 OK
pin 819 Sharpen complete
4556 OK
pin 117 Sharpen complete
13923 OK
pin 905 Sharpen complete
1989 OK
pin 632 Sharpen complete
15385 OK
pin 351 Sharpen complete
10744 OK
pin 471 Sharpen complete
5967 OK
pin 668 Sharpen complete
8007 OK
pin 862 Sharpen complete
11356 OK
pin 526 Sharpen complete
14654 OK
pin 87 Sharpen complete
8942 OK
pin 866 Sharpen complete
1479 OK
pin 537 Sharpen complete
9526 Incorrect sharpen
pin 385 Sharpen complete
9129 OK
pin 439 Sharpen complete
6545 OK
pin 724 Sharpen complete
7463 OK
pin 167 Sharpen complete
12308 OK
pin 89 Sharpen complete
2839 OK
pin 582 Sharpen complete
1513 OK
pin 257 Sharpen complete
9894 OK
pin 283 Sharpen complete
4369 OK
pin 746 Sharpen complete
4811 OK
pin 161 Sharpen complete
12682 OK
2737 OK

 Количество нормальных заготовок: 91

 Количество заточеных булавок: 91

 Количество хороших булавок: 84
