pin 349 Correct curve
rawSize 1 
pin 349 Sharpen complete
pin 192 Correct curve
pin 994 Correct curve
pin 192 Sharpen complete
pin 232 Correct curve
pin 532 Correct curve
pin 819 Correct curve
5933 OK
pin 39 Correct curve
pin 222 Correct curve
pin 994 Sharpen complete
pin 471 Correct curve
pin 687 Correct curve
pin 146 Correct curve
3264 OK
pin 957 Correct curve
pin 170 Incorrect curve
pin 232 Sharpen complete
pin 480 Correct curve
pin 163 Correct curve
16898 OK
pin 585 Correct curve
pin 950 Correct curve
pin 532 Sharpen complete
pin 824 Correct curve
pin 568 Correct curve
pin 210 Correct curve
3944 OK
pin 568 Correct curve
pin 192 Correct curve
pin 819 Sharpen complete
pin 579 Correct curve
pin 762 Correct curve
pin 798 Correct curve
9044 OK
pin 639 Correct curve
pin 716 Correct curve
pin 39 Sharpen complete
pin 898 Correct curve
pin 136 Incorrect curve
13923 OK
pin 480 Correct curve
pin 516 Correct curve
pin 222 Sharpen complete
pin 863 Correct curve
pin 376 Correct curve
pin 970 Correct curve
663 OK
pin 284 Correct curve
pin 145 Correct curve
pin 471 Sharpen complete
pin 219 Correct curve
pin 471 Correct curve
3774 OK
pin 428 Correct curve
pin 570 Correct curve
pin 687 Sharpen complete
pin 911 Correct curve
pin 140 Correct curve
pin 199 Correct curve
8007 OK
pin 559 Correct curve
pin 468 Correct curve
pin 146 Sharpen complete
pin 402 Correct curve
pin 881 Correct curve
pin 723 Correct curve
11679 OK
pin 849 Correct curve
pin 56 Correct curve
pin 957 Sharpen complete
pin 493 Incorrect curve
pin 592 Correct curve
pin 709 Correct curve
2482 OK
pin 731 Incorrect curve
pin 595 Incorrect curve
pin 480 Sharpen complete
pin 57 Correct curve
pin 443 Correct curve
16269 OK
pin 771 Correct curve
pin 834 Correct curve
pin 163 Sharpen complete
pin 695 Correct curve
pin 40 Correct curve
pin 595 Incorrect curve
5280 Incorrect sharpen
pin 512 Correct curve
pin 138 Correct curve
pin 585 Sharpen complete
pin 102 Incorrect curve
pin 30 Correct curve
pin 434 Correct curve
2771 OK
pin 674 Correct curve
pin 424 Correct curve
pin 950 Sharpen complete
pin 924 Correct curve
pin 478 Correct curve
9945 OK
pin 100 Correct curve
pin 660 Correct curve
pin 824 Sharpen complete
pin 819 Correct curve
pin 534 Correct curve
pin 307 Correct curve
16150 OK
pin 818 Correct curve
pin 488 Correct curve
pin 568 Sharpen complete
pin 366 Correct curve
pin 339 Correct curve
pin 32 Correct curve
9064 Incorrect sharpen
pin 643 Correct curve
pin 45 Correct curve
pin 210 Sharpen complete
pin 149 Correct curve
pin 304 Correct curve
9656 OK
pin 738 Correct curve
pin 640 Correct curve
pin 568 Sharpen complete
pin 418 Correct curve
pin 600 Correct curve
pin 565 Correct curve
3570 OK
pin 416 Correct curve
pin 635 Correct curve
pin 192 Sharpen complete
pin 650 Correct curve
pin 721 Correct curve
pin 717 Correct curve
9656 OK
pin 614 Correct curve
pin 862 Correct curve
pin 579 Sharpen complete
pin 211 Correct curve
pin 200 Correct curve
pin 862 Correct curve
3264 OK
pin 919 Correct curve
pin 955 Correct curve
pin 762 Sharpen complete
pin 563 Correct curve
pin 353 Correct curve
9843 OK
pin 217 Correct curve
pin 476 Incorrect curve
pin 798 Sharpen complete
pin 675 Correct curve
pin 85 Incorrect curve
pin 543 Correct curve
12954 OK
pin 111 Correct curve
pin 279 Correct curve
pin 639 Sharpen complete
pin 100 Correct curve
pin 899 Correct curve
pin 508 Correct curve
13566 OK
pin 760 Correct curve
pin 106 Correct curve
pin 716 Sharpen complete
pin 211 Correct curve
pin 217 Correct curve
10863 OK
pin 735 Correct curve
pin 733 Correct curve
pin 898 Sharpen complete
pin 966 Correct curve
pin 489 Correct curve
pin 468 Correct curve
7876 Incorrect sharpen
pin 90 Correct curve
pin 796 Correct curve
pin 480 Sharpen complete
pin 735 Correct curve
pin 54 Correct curve
15266 OK
pin 818 Correct curve
pin 360 Correct curve
pin 516 Sharpen complete
pin 861 Correct curve
pin 196 Correct curve
pin 760 Correct curve
8160 OK
pin 635 Correct curve
pin 956 Correct curve
pin 863 Sharpen complete
pin 450 Correct curve
pin 376 Correct curve
8772 OK
pin 487 Correct curve
pin 23 Correct curve
pin 376 Sharpen complete
pin 491 Correct curve
pin 619 Correct curve
pin 740 Correct curve
14671 OK
pin 856 Correct curve
pin 394 Correct curve
pin 970 Sharpen complete
pin 643 Correct curve
pin 325 Correct curve
pin 599 Correct curve
6392 OK
pin 762 Correct curve
pin 911 Correct curve
pin 284 Sharpen complete
pin 111 Correct curve
pin 276 Correct curve
pin 336 Correct curve
16490 OK
pin 423 Correct curve
pin 354 Correct curve
pin 145 Sharpen complete
pin 792 Correct curve
pin 845 Correct curve
4828 OK
pin 717 Correct curve
pin 75 Correct curve
pin 219 Sharpen complete
pin 455 Correct curve
pin 155 Correct curve
pin 858 Correct curve
2465 OK
pin 56 Correct curve
pin 580 Correct curve
pin 471 Sharpen complete
pin 402 Correct curve
pin 184 Correct curve
pin 48 Correct curve
3723 OK
pin 107 Correct curve
pin 338 Correct curve
pin 428 Sharpen complete
pin 607 Correct curve
pin 898 Correct curve
8007 OK
pin 500 Correct curve
pin 530 Correct curve
pin 570 Sharpen complete
pin 896 Correct curve
pin 275 Correct curve
pin 295 Correct curve
7276 OK
pin 158 Correct curve
pin 846 Correct curve
pin 911 Sharpen complete
pin 301 Correct curve
pin 171 Correct curve
9690 OK
pin 993 Correct curve
pin 799 Incorrect curve
pin 140 Sharpen complete
pin 699 Correct curve
pin 450 Correct curve
pin 137 Correct curve
15487 OK
pin 819 Correct curve
pin 919 Correct curve
pin 199 Sharpen complete
pin 761 Correct curve
pin 943 Correct curve
pin 134 Correct curve
2380 OK
pin 849 Correct curve
pin 90 Correct curve
pin 559 Sharpen complete
pin 498 Correct curve
pin 442 Incorrect curve
3383 OK
pin 565 Correct curve
pin 831 Correct curve
pin 468 Sharpen complete
pin 941 Correct curve
pin 485 Correct curve
pin 46 Correct curve
9503 OK
pin 737 Correct curve
pin 709 Correct curve
pin 402 Sharpen complete
pin 313 Correct curve
7956 OK
pin 881 Sharpen complete
6834 OK
pin 723 Sharpen complete
14977 OK
pin 849 Sharpen complete
12291 OK
pin 56 Sharpen complete
14433 OK
pin 592 Sharpen complete
952 OK
pin 709 Sharpen complete
10064 OK
pin 57 Sharpen complete
7799 Incorrect sharpen
pin 443 Sharpen complete
969 OK
pin 771 Sharpen complete
7531 OK
pin 834 Sharpen complete
13107 OK
pin 695 Sharpen complete
9174 Incorrect sharpen
pin 40 Sharpen complete
11815 OK
pin 512 Sharpen complete
680 OK
pin 138 Sharpen complete
8704 OK
pin 30 Sharpen complete
1518 Incorrect sharpen
pin 434 Sharpen complete
510 OK
pin 674 Sharpen complete
7378 OK
pin 424 Sharpen complete
11458 OK
pin 924 Sharpen complete
7208 OK
pin 478 Sharpen complete
15708 OK
pin 100 Sharpen complete
8126 OK
pin 660 Sharpen complete
1700 OK
pin 819 Sharpen complete
11220 OK
pin 534 Sharpen complete
13923 OK
pin 307 Sharpen complete
9078 OK
pin 818 Sharpen complete
5219 OK
pin 488 Sharpen complete
13906 OK
pin 366 Sharpen complete
8296 OK
pin 339 Sharpen complete
6222 OK
pin 32 Sharpen complete
5763 OK
pin 643 Sharpen complete
544 OK
pin 45 Sharpen complete
10931 OK
pin 149 Sharpen complete
765 OK
pin 304 Sharpen complete
2533 OK
pin 738 Sharpen complete
5168 OK
pin 640 Sharpen complete
12546 OK
pin 418 Sharpen complete
7040 Incorrect sharpen
pin 600 Sharpen complete
7106 OK
pin 565 Sharpen complete
10200 OK
pin 416 Sharpen complete
9605 OK
pin 635 Sharpen complete
7072 OK
pin 650 Sharpen complete
10795 OK
pin 721 Sharpen complete
11050 OK
pin 717 Sharpen complete
12257 OK
pin 614 Sharpen complete
12189 OK
pin 862 Sharpen complete
10438 OK
pin 211 Sharpen complete
14654 OK
pin 200 Sharpen complete
3587 OK
pin 862 Sharpen complete
2200 Incorrect sharpen
pin 919 Sharpen complete
14654 OK
pin 955 Sharpen complete
15623 OK
pin 563 Sharpen complete
16235 OK
pin 353 Sharpen complete
9571 OK
pin 217 Sharpen complete
6001 OK
pin 675 Sharpen complete
3689 OK
pin 543 Sharpen complete
11475 OK
pin 111 Sharpen complete
9231 OK
pin 279 Sharpen complete
1887 OK
pin 100 Sharpen complete
3069 Incorrect sharpen
pin 899 Sharpen complete
1700 OK
pin 508 Sharpen complete
15283 OK
pin 760 Sharpen complete
8636 OK
pin 106 Sharpen complete
12920 OK
pin 211 Sharpen complete
1802 OK
pin 217 Sharpen complete
3587 OK
pin 735 Sharpen complete
3689 OK
pin 733 Sharpen complete
12495 OK
pin 966 Sharpen complete
12461 OK
pin 489 Sharpen complete
16422 OK
pin 468 Sharpen complete
8313 OK
pin 90 Sharpen complete
5148 Incorrect sharpen
pin 796 Sharpen complete
1530 OK
pin 735 Sharpen complete
13532 OK
pin 54 Sharpen complete
12495 OK
pin 818 Sharpen complete
918 OK
pin 360 Sharpen complete
13906 OK
pin 861 Sharpen complete
6120 OK
pin 196 Sharpen complete
9471 Incorrect sharpen
pin 760 Sharpen complete
3332 OK
pin 635 Sharpen complete
12920 OK
pin 956 Sharpen complete
10795 OK
pin 450 Sharpen complete
16252 OK
pin 376 Sharpen complete
7650 OK
pin 487 Sharpen complete
6392 OK
pin 23 Sharpen complete
8279 OK
pin 491 Sharpen complete
391 OK
pin 619 Sharpen complete
8347 OK
pin 740 Sharpen complete
10523 OK
pin 856 Sharpen complete
12580 OK
pin 394 Sharpen complete
14552 OK
pin 643 Sharpen complete
6698 OK
pin 325 Sharpen complete
10931 OK
pin 599 Sharpen complete
5525 OK
pin 762 Sharpen complete
10183 OK
pin 911 Sharpen complete
12954 OK
pin 111 Sharpen complete
15487 OK
pin 276 Sharpen complete
1887 OK
pin 336 Sharpen complete
4692 OK
pin 423 Sharpen complete
5712 OK
pin 354 Sharpen complete
7191 OK
pin 792 Sharpen complete
6018 OK
pin 845 Sharpen complete
13464 OK
pin 717 Sharpen complete
14365 OK
pin 75 Sharpen complete
7887 Incorrect sharpen
pin 455 Sharpen complete
1275 OK
pin 155 Sharpen complete
7735 OK
pin 858 Sharpen complete
2635 OK
pin 56 Sharpen complete
9438 Incorrect sharpen
pin 580 Sharpen complete
952 OK
pin 402 Sharpen complete
9860 OK
pin 184 Sharpen complete
6834 OK
pin 48 Sharpen complete
3128 OK
pin 107 Sharpen complete
816 OK
pin 338 Sharpen complete
1819 OK
pin 607 Sharpen complete
5746 OK
pin 898 Sharpen complete
10319 OK
pin 500 Sharpen complete
15266 OK
pin 530 Sharpen complete
8500 OK
pin 896 Sharpen complete
9010 OK
pin 275 Sharpen complete
15232 OK
pin 295 Sharpen complete
4675 OK
pin 158 Sharpen complete
5015 OK
pin 846 Sharpen complete
1738 Incorrect sharpen
pin 301 Sharpen complete
14382 OK
pin 171 Sharpen complete
3311 Incorrect sharpen
pin 993 Sharpen complete
2907 OK
pin 699 Sharpen complete
16881 OK
pin 450 Sharpen complete
11883 OK
pin 137 Sharpen complete
7650 OK
pin 819 Sharpen complete
2329 OK
pin 919 Sharpen complete
13923 OK
pin 761 Sharpen complete
15623 OK
pin 943 Sharpen complete
12937 OK
pin 134 Sharpen complete
16031 OK
pin 849 Sharpen complete
2278 OK
pin 90 Sharpen complete
14433 OK
pin 498 Sharpen complete
1530 OK
pin 565 Sharpen complete
8466 OK
pin 831 Sharpen complete
9605 OK
pin 941 Sharpen complete
14127 OK
pin 485 Sharpen complete
15997 OK
pin 46 Sharpen complete
8245 OK
pin 737 Sharpen complete
782 OK
pin 709 Sharpen complete
12529 OK
pin 313 Sharpen complete
12053 OK
5321 OK

 Количество нормальных заготовок: 189

 Количество заточеных булавок: 189

 Количество хороших булавок: 174
