pin 400 Correct curve
rawSize 1 
pin 400 Sharpen complete
pin 447 Correct curve
pin 775 Correct curve
pin 447 Sharpen complete
pin 704 Correct curve
pin 935 Incorrect curve
pin 164 Correct curve
6800 OK
pin 487 Correct curve
pin 947 Correct curve
pin 775 Sharpen complete
pin 521 Correct curve
pin 672 Correct curve
pin 935 Incorrect curve
7599 OK
pin 441 Correct curve
pin 109 Correct curve
pin 704 Sharpen complete
pin 205 Correct curve
pin 933 Correct curve
13175 OK
pin 832 Correct curve
pin 337 Correct curve
pin 164 Sharpen complete
pin 815 Correct curve
pin 762 Correct curve
pin 445 Correct curve
11968 OK
pin 12 Correct curve
pin 659 Correct curve
pin 487 Sharpen complete
pin 589 Correct curve
pin 670 Correct curve
pin 553 Correct curve
2788 OK
pin 827 Correct curve
pin 432 Correct curve
pin 947 Sharpen complete
pin 615 Correct curve
pin 331 Correct curve
pin 754 Correct curve
8279 OK
pin 965 Correct curve
pin 670 Correct curve
pin 521 Sharpen complete
pin 283 Correct curve
pin 303 Correct curve
16099 OK
pin 454 Correct curve
pin 21 Correct curve
pin 672 Sharpen complete
pin 260 Correct curve
pin 29 Correct curve
pin 588 Correct curve
8857 OK
pin 213 Correct curve
pin 532 Correct curve
pin 441 Sharpen complete
pin 957 Correct curve
pin 604 Correct curve
pin 277 Correct curve
11424 OK
pin 335 Correct curve
pin 447 Correct curve
pin 109 Sharpen complete
pin 420 Correct curve
pin 382 Correct curve
7497 OK
pin 767 Correct curve
pin 802 Correct curve
pin 205 Sharpen complete
pin 297 Correct curve
pin 249 Correct curve
pin 900 Correct curve
1853 OK
pin 585 Correct curve
pin 296 Correct curve
pin 933 Sharpen complete
pin 418 Correct curve
pin 885 Correct curve
pin 274 Correct curve
3485 OK
pin 193 Correct curve
pin 16 Correct curve
pin 832 Sharpen complete
pin 401 Correct curve
pin 884 Incorrect curve
pin 763 Correct curve
10263 Incorrect sharpen
pin 668 Correct curve
pin 867 Incorrect curve
pin 337 Sharpen complete
pin 979 Correct curve
pin 753 Correct curve
pin 558 Correct curve
14144 OK
pin 401 Correct curve
pin 533 Correct curve
pin 815 Sharpen complete
pin 503 Correct curve
pin 819 Correct curve
5729 OK
pin 919 Correct curve
pin 544 Incorrect curve
pin 762 Sharpen complete
pin 440 Correct curve
pin 89 Correct curve
pin 66 Correct curve
13855 OK
pin 921 Correct curve
pin 370 Correct curve
pin 445 Sharpen complete
pin 684 Correct curve
pin 873 Correct curve
pin 222 Correct curve
8382 Incorrect sharpen
pin 438 Correct curve
pin 413 Correct curve
pin 12 Sharpen complete
pin 140 Correct curve
pin 756 Correct curve
7565 OK
pin 110 Correct curve
pin 82 Correct curve
pin 659 Sharpen complete
pin 366 Correct curve
pin 192 Correct curve
pin 956 Correct curve
204 OK
pin 24 Correct curve
pin 612 Incorrect curve
pin 589 Sharpen complete
pin 646 Incorrect curve
pin 387 Correct curve
pin 539 Correct curve
11203 OK
pin 458 Correct curve
pin 238 Incorrect curve
pin 670 Sharpen complete
pin 782 Incorrect curve
pin 798 Correct curve
pin 177 Correct curve
10013 OK
pin 962 Correct curve
pin 167 Correct curve
pin 553 Sharpen complete
pin 360 Correct curve
pin 714 Incorrect curve
11390 OK
pin 426 Correct curve
pin 286 Correct curve
pin 827 Sharpen complete
pin 21 Correct curve
pin 786 Correct curve
pin 755 Correct curve
9401 OK
pin 899 Correct curve
pin 73 Correct curve
pin 432 Sharpen complete
pin 343 Correct curve
pin 433 Correct curve
14059 OK
pin 209 Correct curve
pin 378 Correct curve
pin 615 Sharpen complete
pin 929 Correct curve
pin 830 Correct curve
pin 461 Correct curve
7344 OK
pin 801 Correct curve
pin 136 Incorrect curve
pin 331 Sharpen complete
pin 275 Correct curve
pin 855 Correct curve
pin 497 Correct curve
6765 Incorrect sharpen
pin 333 Correct curve
pin 700 Correct curve
pin 754 Sharpen complete
pin 38 Correct curve
pin 987 Correct curve
pin 477 Correct curve
5627 OK
pin 25 Correct curve
pin 191 Correct curve
pin 965 Sharpen complete
pin 894 Correct curve
pin 996 Correct curve
12818 OK
pin 272 Incorrect curve
pin 393 Correct curve
pin 670 Sharpen complete
pin 306 Incorrect curve
pin 431 Correct curve
pin 333 Correct curve
16405 OK
pin 640 Correct curve
pin 259 Correct curve
pin 283 Sharpen complete
pin 849 Correct curve
pin 762 Correct curve
pin 620 Correct curve
11390 OK
pin 769 Correct curve
pin 150 Correct curve
pin 303 Sharpen complete
pin 434 Correct curve
pin 922 Correct curve
pin 124 Correct curve
4811 OK
pin 295 Correct curve
pin 410 Correct curve
pin 454 Sharpen complete
pin 731 Incorrect curve
pin 470 Correct curve
5151 OK
pin 307 Correct curve
pin 910 Correct curve
pin 21 Sharpen complete
pin 604 Correct curve
pin 510 Incorrect curve
pin 949 Correct curve
7718 OK
pin 767 Correct curve
pin 241 Correct curve
pin 260 Sharpen complete
pin 455 Correct curve
pin 964 Correct curve
pin 848 Correct curve
357 OK
pin 550 Correct curve
pin 551 Correct curve
pin 29 Sharpen complete
pin 538 Correct curve
pin 533 Correct curve
4420 OK
pin 471 Correct curve
pin 408 Incorrect curve
pin 588 Sharpen complete
pin 385 Correct curve
pin 542 Correct curve
pin 242 Correct curve
493 OK
pin 929 Correct curve
pin 408 Incorrect curve
pin 213 Sharpen complete
pin 707 Correct curve
pin 387 Correct curve
pin 821 Correct curve
9996 OK
pin 358 Correct curve
pin 37 Correct curve
pin 532 Sharpen complete
pin 59 Correct curve
pin 678 Correct curve
3621 OK
pin 801 Correct curve
pin 878 Correct curve
pin 957 Sharpen complete
pin 251 Correct curve
pin 450 Correct curve
pin 448 Correct curve
9044 OK
pin 463 Correct curve
pin 501 Correct curve
pin 604 Sharpen complete
pin 812 Correct curve
pin 286 Correct curve
pin 580 Correct curve
16269 OK
pin 504 Correct curve
pin 910 Correct curve
pin 277 Sharpen complete
pin 450 Correct curve
pin 595 Incorrect curve
10268 OK
pin 287 Correct curve
pin 695 Correct curve
pin 595 Incorrect curve
pin 335 Sharpen complete
pin 65 Correct curve
pin 85 Incorrect curve
4709 OK
pin 685 Correct curve
pin 606 Correct curve
pin 447 Sharpen complete
pin 561 Incorrect curve
pin 802 Correct curve
pin 10 Correct curve
5695 OK
pin 227 Correct curve
pin 277 Correct curve
pin 420 Sharpen complete
pin 630 Correct curve
pin 706 Correct curve
pin 924 Correct curve
7599 OK
pin 202 Correct curve
pin 356 Correct curve
pin 382 Sharpen complete
pin 574 Correct curve
pin 967 Correct curve
7140 OK
pin 853 Correct curve
pin 984 Correct curve
pin 767 Sharpen complete
pin 245 Correct curve
pin 418 Correct curve
pin 600 Correct curve
6494 OK
pin 858 Correct curve
pin 106 Correct curve
pin 802 Sharpen complete
pin 27 Correct curve
pin 568 Correct curve
pin 990 Correct curve
13039 OK
pin 282 Correct curve
pin 215 Correct curve
pin 297 Sharpen complete
pin 716 Correct curve
pin 102 Incorrect curve
pin 854 Correct curve
13634 OK
pin 630 Correct curve
pin 249 Sharpen complete
pin 351 Correct curve
pin 543 Correct curve
pin 588 Correct curve
5049 OK
pin 326 Correct curve
pin 822 Correct curve
pin 900 Sharpen complete
pin 450 Correct curve
pin 989 Correct curve
pin 126 Correct curve
2739 Incorrect sharpen
pin 168 Correct curve
pin 108 Correct curve
pin 585 Sharpen complete
pin 273 Correct curve
pin 205 Correct curve
pin 19 Correct curve
15300 OK
pin 78 Correct curve
pin 982 Correct curve
pin 296 Sharpen complete
pin 754 Correct curve
pin 139 Correct curve
9945 OK
pin 423 Correct curve
pin 101 Correct curve
pin 418 Sharpen complete
pin 529 Correct curve
pin 790 Correct curve
pin 952 Incorrect curve
5032 OK
pin 237 Correct curve
pin 373 Correct curve
pin 885 Sharpen complete
pin 670 Correct curve
pin 523 Correct curve
pin 584 Correct curve
4598 Incorrect sharpen
pin 617 Correct curve
pin 509 Correct curve
pin 274 Sharpen complete
pin 40 Correct curve
pin 104 Correct curve
15045 OK
pin 699 Correct curve
pin 308 Correct curve
pin 193 Sharpen complete
pin 478 Correct curve
pin 527 Incorrect curve
pin 176 Correct curve
4658 OK
pin 229 Correct curve
pin 521 Correct curve
pin 16 Sharpen complete
pin 410 Correct curve
pin 49 Correct curve
pin 424 Correct curve
3281 OK
pin 941 Correct curve
pin 248 Correct curve
pin 401 Sharpen complete
pin 504 Correct curve
pin 890 Correct curve
pin 263 Correct curve
176 Incorrect sharpen
pin 976 Correct curve
pin 573 Correct curve
pin 763 Sharpen complete
pin 200 Correct curve
pin 452 Correct curve
6817 OK
pin 508 Correct curve
pin 958 Correct curve
pin 668 Sharpen complete
pin 134 Correct curve
pin 740 Correct curve
pin 1000 Correct curve
12971 OK
pin 846 Correct curve
pin 85 Incorrect curve
pin 979 Sharpen complete
pin 955 Correct curve
pin 631 Correct curve
11356 OK
pin 404 Correct curve
pin 556 Correct curve
pin 753 Sharpen complete
pin 390 Correct curve
pin 407 Correct curve
pin 329 Correct curve
16643 OK
pin 101 Correct curve
pin 817 Correct curve
pin 558 Sharpen complete
pin 899 Correct curve
pin 788 Correct curve
pin 147 Correct curve
12801 OK
pin 259 Correct curve
pin 401 Sharpen complete
pin 329 Correct curve
9486 OK
pin 533 Sharpen complete
6817 OK
pin 503 Sharpen complete
9061 OK
pin 819 Sharpen complete
8551 OK
pin 919 Sharpen complete
13923 OK
pin 440 Sharpen complete
15623 OK
pin 89 Sharpen complete
7480 OK
pin 66 Sharpen complete
1513 OK
pin 921 Sharpen complete
1122 OK
pin 370 Sharpen complete
15657 OK
pin 684 Sharpen complete
6290 OK
pin 873 Sharpen complete
11628 OK
pin 222 Sharpen complete
14841 OK
pin 438 Sharpen complete
3774 OK
pin 413 Sharpen complete
7446 OK
pin 140 Sharpen complete
7021 OK
pin 756 Sharpen complete
1540 Incorrect sharpen
pin 110 Sharpen complete
12852 OK
pin 82 Sharpen complete
1870 OK
pin 366 Sharpen complete
1394 OK
pin 192 Sharpen complete
6222 OK
pin 956 Sharpen complete
3264 OK
pin 24 Sharpen complete
16252 OK
pin 387 Sharpen complete
408 OK
pin 539 Sharpen complete
6579 OK
pin 458 Sharpen complete
9163 OK
pin 798 Sharpen complete
7786 OK
pin 177 Sharpen complete
13566 OK
pin 962 Sharpen complete
1947 Incorrect sharpen
pin 167 Sharpen complete
16354 OK
pin 360 Sharpen complete
2839 OK
pin 426 Sharpen complete
6120 OK
pin 286 Sharpen complete
7242 OK
pin 21 Sharpen complete
4862 OK
pin 786 Sharpen complete
357 OK
pin 755 Sharpen complete
13362 OK
pin 899 Sharpen complete
12835 OK
pin 73 Sharpen complete
15283 OK
pin 343 Sharpen complete
803 Incorrect sharpen
pin 433 Sharpen complete
5831 OK
pin 209 Sharpen complete
7361 OK
pin 378 Sharpen complete
3553 OK
pin 929 Sharpen complete
6426 OK
pin 830 Sharpen complete
15793 OK
pin 461 Sharpen complete
14110 OK
pin 801 Sharpen complete
7837 OK
pin 275 Sharpen complete
13617 OK
pin 855 Sharpen complete
4675 OK
pin 497 Sharpen complete
14535 OK
pin 333 Sharpen complete
8449 OK
pin 700 Sharpen complete
3663 Incorrect sharpen
pin 38 Sharpen complete
11900 OK
pin 987 Sharpen complete
646 OK
pin 477 Sharpen complete
16779 OK
pin 25 Sharpen complete
8109 OK
pin 191 Sharpen complete
425 OK
pin 894 Sharpen complete
3247 OK
pin 996 Sharpen complete
9834 Incorrect sharpen
pin 393 Sharpen complete
16932 OK
pin 431 Sharpen complete
6681 OK
pin 333 Sharpen complete
7327 OK
pin 640 Sharpen complete
5661 OK
pin 259 Sharpen complete
10880 OK
pin 849 Sharpen complete
4403 OK
pin 762 Sharpen complete
14433 OK
pin 620 Sharpen complete
12954 OK
pin 769 Sharpen complete
10540 OK
pin 150 Sharpen complete
13073 OK
pin 434 Sharpen complete
2550 OK
pin 922 Sharpen complete
7378 OK
pin 124 Sharpen complete
15674 OK
pin 295 Sharpen complete
2108 OK
pin 410 Sharpen complete
5015 OK
pin 470 Sharpen complete
6970 OK
pin 307 Sharpen complete
7990 OK
pin 910 Sharpen complete
5219 OK
pin 604 Sharpen complete
15470 OK
pin 949 Sharpen complete
10268 OK
pin 767 Sharpen complete
16133 OK
pin 241 Sharpen complete
13039 OK
pin 455 Sharpen complete
4097 OK
pin 964 Sharpen complete
7735 OK
pin 848 Sharpen complete
16388 OK
pin 550 Sharpen complete
9328 Incorrect sharpen
pin 551 Sharpen complete
9350 OK
pin 538 Sharpen complete
9367 OK
pin 533 Sharpen complete
9146 OK
pin 471 Sharpen complete
5863 Incorrect sharpen
pin 385 Sharpen complete
8007 OK
pin 542 Sharpen complete
6545 OK
pin 242 Sharpen complete
9214 OK
pin 929 Sharpen complete
4114 OK
pin 707 Sharpen complete
15793 OK
pin 387 Sharpen complete
12019 OK
pin 821 Sharpen complete
6579 OK
pin 358 Sharpen complete
13957 OK
pin 37 Sharpen complete
6086 OK
pin 59 Sharpen complete
629 OK
pin 678 Sharpen complete
1003 OK
pin 801 Sharpen complete
11526 OK
pin 878 Sharpen complete
13617 OK
pin 251 Sharpen complete
14926 OK
pin 450 Sharpen complete
2761 Incorrect sharpen
pin 448 Sharpen complete
7650 OK
pin 463 Sharpen complete
4928 Incorrect sharpen
pin 501 Sharpen complete
7871 OK
pin 812 Sharpen complete
8517 OK
pin 286 Sharpen complete
13804 OK
pin 580 Sharpen complete
4862 OK
pin 504 Sharpen complete
9860 OK
pin 910 Sharpen complete
8568 OK
pin 450 Sharpen complete
15470 OK
pin 287 Sharpen complete
7650 OK
pin 695 Sharpen complete
4879 OK
pin 65 Sharpen complete
11815 OK
pin 685 Sharpen complete
1105 OK
pin 606 Sharpen complete
11645 OK
pin 802 Sharpen complete
10302 OK
pin 10 Sharpen complete
13634 OK
pin 227 Sharpen complete
170 OK
pin 277 Sharpen complete
3859 OK
pin 630 Sharpen complete
4709 OK
pin 706 Sharpen complete
10710 OK
pin 924 Sharpen complete
12002 OK
pin 202 Sharpen complete
15708 OK
pin 356 Sharpen complete
3434 OK
pin 574 Sharpen complete
6052 OK
pin 967 Sharpen complete
9758 OK
pin 853 Sharpen complete
16439 OK
pin 984 Sharpen complete
14501 OK
pin 245 Sharpen complete
16728 OK
pin 418 Sharpen complete
4165 OK
pin 600 Sharpen complete
7106 OK
pin 858 Sharpen complete
10200 OK
pin 106 Sharpen complete
14586 OK
pin 27 Sharpen complete
1802 OK
pin 568 Sharpen complete
459 OK
pin 990 Sharpen complete
9656 OK
pin 282 Sharpen complete
16830 OK
pin 215 Sharpen complete
4794 OK
pin 716 Sharpen complete
3655 OK
pin 854 Sharpen complete
12172 OK
pin 630 Sharpen complete
14518 OK
pin 351 Sharpen complete
10710 OK
pin 543 Sharpen complete
3861 Incorrect sharpen
pin 588 Sharpen complete
9231 OK
pin 326 Sharpen complete
9996 OK
pin 822 Sharpen complete
5542 OK
pin 450 Sharpen complete
13974 OK
pin 989 Sharpen complete
7650 OK
pin 126 Sharpen complete
16813 OK
pin 168 Sharpen complete
2142 OK
pin 108 Sharpen complete
2856 OK
pin 273 Sharpen complete
1836 OK
pin 205 Sharpen complete
4641 OK
pin 19 Sharpen complete
2255 Incorrect sharpen
pin 78 Sharpen complete
323 OK
pin 982 Sharpen complete
858 Incorrect sharpen
pin 754 Sharpen complete
16694 OK
pin 139 Sharpen complete
12818 OK
pin 423 Sharpen complete
2363 OK
pin 101 Sharpen complete
7191 OK
pin 529 Sharpen complete
1111 Incorrect sharpen
pin 790 Sharpen complete
8993 OK
pin 237 Sharpen complete
13430 OK
pin 373 Sharpen complete
4029 OK
pin 670 Sharpen complete
6341 OK
pin 523 Sharpen complete
11390 OK
pin 584 Sharpen complete
8891 OK
pin 617 Sharpen complete
9928 OK
pin 509 Sharpen complete
10489 OK
pin 40 Sharpen complete
8653 OK
pin 104 Sharpen complete
680 OK
pin 699 Sharpen complete
1768 OK
pin 308 Sharpen complete
11883 OK
pin 478 Sharpen complete
5236 OK
pin 176 Sharpen complete
8126 OK
pin 229 Sharpen complete
2992 OK
pin 521 Sharpen complete
3893 OK
pin 410 Sharpen complete
8857 OK
pin 49 Sharpen complete
6970 OK
pin 424 Sharpen complete
833 OK
pin 941 Sharpen complete
7208 OK
pin 248 Sharpen complete
10351 Incorrect sharpen
pin 504 Sharpen complete
4216 OK
pin 890 Sharpen complete
8568 OK
pin 263 Sharpen complete
9790 Incorrect sharpen
pin 976 Sharpen complete
4471 OK
pin 573 Sharpen complete
16592 OK
pin 200 Sharpen complete
9741 OK
pin 452 Sharpen complete
2200 Incorrect sharpen
pin 508 Sharpen complete
7684 OK
pin 958 Sharpen complete
8636 OK
pin 134 Sharpen complete
10538 Incorrect sharpen
pin 740 Sharpen complete
2278 OK
pin 1000 Sharpen complete
12580 OK
pin 846 Sharpen complete
17000 OK
pin 955 Sharpen complete
14382 OK
pin 631 Sharpen complete
16235 OK
pin 404 Sharpen complete
10727 OK
pin 556 Sharpen complete
6868 OK
pin 390 Sharpen complete
9452 OK
pin 407 Sharpen complete
6630 OK
pin 329 Sharpen complete
6919 OK
pin 101 Sharpen complete
5593 OK
pin 817 Sharpen complete
1717 OK
pin 899 Sharpen complete
13889 OK
pin 788 Sharpen complete
9889 Incorrect sharpen
pin 147 Sharpen complete
13396 OK
pin 259 Sharpen complete
2499 OK
pin 329 Sharpen complete
4403 OK
5593 OK

 Количество нормальных заготовок: 275

 Количество заточеных булавок: 275

 Количество хороших булавок: 251
